Kinetic Text Tags Ren'Py Module 2021 Daniel Westfall <SoDaRa2595@gmail.com>
http://twitter.com/sodara9 I'd appreciate being given credit if you do end up using it! :D Would really make my day to know I helped some people out! Really hope this can help the community create some really neat ways to spice up their dialogue! http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php Github: https://github.com/SoDaRa/Kinetic-Text-Tags itch.io: https://wattson.itch.io/kinetic-text-tags Forum Post: https://lemmasoft.renai.us/forums/viewtopic.php?f=51&t=60527&sid=75b4eb1aa5212a33cbfe9b0354e5376b
:3
Let's see your results!
Let's see your results.
You dumb foreskin.
You dumb foreskin.
:3
CS looks at his bedroom door.
Yeah, after EVERYTHING that has happened today, some rest sounds really nice.
CS enters his bedroom and immediately jumps into bed.
Ah, finally, I can get a good night's sleep.
CS does the finger guns at his ceiling.
This is CS{cps=*0.1}... {cps=*10}Signing out!
CS quickly drifts off to sleep.
...
...
...
CS slowly wakes up after his long rest.
Hey guys! CS here!
How is ever-
CS immediately jolts up, realizing that he's not in his room.
Wait a minute. Where am I? This place…
CS trails off, feeling uneasy about this new location. It doesn't look familiar to him at all, but for some reason...
Why does the place feel so familiar? Something doesn't feel right.
CS gets up, and goes over to a laptop sitting on the desk next to him.
I feel like, this is, this is my cra-{w=0.5} I mean laptop. I don't even have a crapto-{w=0.5} I mean laptop anymore!
Why do I keep calling it that?
CS lifts the lid and powers it on, curious of the strange connection he is feeling with it.
The laptop slowly powers on, playing the classic Windows XP start sound, even though it shows a static screen of Windows 10 updating.
The laptop immediately bluescreens, and blares out the following:
Your PC sux. lol.
Hey, WTF was that?
Shit!
CS jumps over the chair next to him and hides between the chair and the couch in the corner of the room.
Why are there people here?
He whispers to himself.
The door slowly opens, and three people with white suits and top hats enter the room.
They all look like the same person, except one is wearing sunglasses and the other is wearing a gas mask.
They quickly scan the room, and notice the laptop turned on.
What the hell, K17! I thought this place didn't have any triggers!
It... shouldn't. This place barely has any functionality!
Then {i}why{/i} is the craptop on? CS-ocola would be here right now!
Mrrrph Mrrph Mrphh Mrphh Mrphh Mrrrrrph!
What? Dude, K20, for the millionth time, take that thing off, we can't hear you.
Yeah man, there's no "whatever virus" here that you keep talking about. It's fine.
K20-7 carefully and slowly takes off their mask.
Alright fine! But if I get corona and die, then I'll make sure Addy fires both of you!
Look there's nothing to worry about. Besides, even if you die, how are you gonna tell them?
Shut up K19!
Alright, sheesh.
What I was trying to say, is that this could've taken place after HoH SiS left, meaning CS is out right now anyways.
Yeah, but why did it TRIGGER? There is NO-ONE here!
I don't know man! I'm just throwing something out there!
God! It's a miracle you could put this together K17, it feels like this place is barely holding up!
I mean, what did you write here? This house has felt like it was sitting with a giant rock on the side of the house? Hahaha that doesn't even make any fucking sense!
CS, still hiding in the corner, his mind racing and trying to take in what's happening around him, feels a strong urge.
That terribly broken English, why does it feel like he was supposed to say that just now?
Look I don't know why I wrote that, we need to figure out what's causing this! I'm a bit worried.
I'm sure it's nothing dude, why don't we go check out another part of this place?
Wait a second…
K19-9 sees something shift for a second in the corner and leans in to look.
CS turns around for a second and sees a face staring right at him.
Gahhhh!
Oh fuck! What the hell?
CS quickly stands up. Everyone is silent and staring at CS.
Shit dude that's him! He's here!
Okay wait! Hold on a second!
WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY DOES HE LOOK LIKE THAT!
Damn okay, now I just feel insulted.
Dude just, find something here to knock him or whatever!
Okayokayokay! I got this! Take this!
One of the HoH SiS workers materialize in between CS and the 3 people.
I don't know!
What the fuck is that thing? Why is it looking at us? Make it do something!
Who is this person? Are they a construction worker? Are they a businessman?
CS suddenly lets his instinct take over.
BullShisH!
CS punches the worker to the ground.
Oh shit man! He's gone AWOL!
I don't think that's what AWOL means, but still, do something, 17!
Fuck, fuck, fuck! Okay okay, what about this! Do something!
A bunch of heads start to materialize in the middle of the room.
Nova?
Nova Nova?
God, WTF are those things? Make them attack CS!
Nova Nova NOVAAAA!
The heads charge toward the group, trying to bite and rip them apart.
AH! AHH! FUCK GET THEM OFF!
KILL THEM! KILL THEMMM! 17 YOU PIECE OF SHIT MAKE THEM STOOOP!
OH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE? I CAN'T STOP THEM!
CS realizes that this is his chance and runs past them and out the door.
CS quickly slams the door behind him, as the screams of the people echo through the door.
CS finds himself in the living room somehow, even though the bedroom was on another floor.
Shit, where do I go? I need to get out of here!
CS runs outside.
A blue car is sitting out the driveway.
Nice car! Nooooot so-
CS pushes him out of the way as he smashes open the window and gets in the car.
The interior of the car is drastically different from the outside, and thankfully the car starts up.
CS starts to drive off, but he is instantly teleported to a WalMart that poorly has a "CS" pasted onto the sign.
What is this place?! What is going on?!
CS looks around for a second, and sees what looks like a crack in the sky.
What the hell?
CS makes his way to the crack, and realizes that there is an invisible wall.
CS, without any second thoughts, breaks off pieces of the wall enough to widen the crack, and crawls through the hole.
…
…
…
A loud glass breaking sound is heard, and CS finds himself in a pool of glowing cyan liquid.
CS picks himself up off the glass and goo, and looks ahead of him in awe.
There are tons of glowing cyan tanks full of liquid, with hundreds of them stretching on in front of him, and rows of them to his left and right.
They are also stacked on one another, about 20-30 of them, reaching up to the ceiling of this massive hangar-like facility.
CS walks around this giant place, glancing at all of the tanks around him.
CS walks over to one of them, and peers inside to see if he can see anything.
A faint voice can be heard, one that sounds like his own.
CS then sees a blurry vision of what looks like a version of him without his dress or cat ears, playing some kind of game.
He realizes that the game that he is playing is the world that CS-ocola lives in, and it looks like CS is making fun or poking fun at his world.
Before CS can really take all this in though, a few guards at the end of the building yell something at him.
The guards are wearing tophats as well, with a black suit, black dress pants, and a white undershirt. They seem to have different color ties based on their hair color. The guard's hair is down to their neck at least, and is kinda spiky / curls up. (I'll draw references later anyways)
The guards also have rifles, something similar or equivalent to an M4A1.
The guards start to chase after CS, and he runs a bit as well and hides behind one of the canisters.
The guards come around the corner, and start firing at CS as he sprints out of there.
CS starts weaving between the canisters to try to lose them.
After he finally manages to make it to the end of the building, he runs along the side to try to find an exit.
While the guards are still firing at him while running, he finds a set of doors that leads him into a small hallway that opens up into another large area. This one looks more like a commons room, with a bunch of guys who look like the ones back in the CSB1 simulation part.
Everyone starts screaming and running as the people with the guns start firing again, as a bunch of alarms go off, echoing throughout the whole place. The alarms start yelling:
"Warning! Warning! Memory Breach at Sector 4 Foxtrot Kilo 17! Entity Charlie Sierra Bravo has breached. Please evacuate to Foxtrot Kilo 16 or below immediately."
The alarm repeats itself about 5-10 times, while CS is still running , zigzagging around the chaos.
CS runs into another hallway that is now a lot longer, with a lot more turns. CS runs straight for a bit, then turns left when he hears the gunfire. CS switches between going left and right.
After a while, CS continues running straight until he sees a sign that says "STATION 1: >>>".
CS runs down the exit, and follows the signs while running down the hallway.
While CS is running, he sees a bunch of sliding metal doors slowly start closing ahead of him.
CS manages to make it through the set of closing doors in time, but so do the guards still behind him.
A bigger sign that clarifies the station is here hangs ahead of him as the last set of doors open to reveal an opening to a big open area (but not as big as the last buildings) where a tram car is waiting for him on the rail.
CS makes one last sprint to the tram, as he gets in on time as the door slowly shuts right before the guards can get in. CS goes over to the console in the front of the tram and hits the giant forward button. The tram slowly starts to take off, as the guards back away from the tram and pull out what looks like walkie talkies.
CS looks ahead and takes a bit of a breather, and the tram starts to speed up. The tram turns off to the left, as an opening to another rail appears. The tram gets onto the lane, and starts speeding incredibly fast.
CS looks to his right, as he sees these giant facilities fly past him. 
After about 20 of the facilities fly by, the tram suddenly stops. CS looks around, confused, and then he looks to his left.
To his left, as a long, endless looking hallway with a blinding light filling up the hallway. The tram slowly starts to rotate onto the light hallway's rail.
The tram then starts speeding into the light at ludicrous speeds, as CS panics and sees the light envelope the outside of the tram. As Cs looks around, he can see glimpses of memories of places he's been to, rushing past him. There are even some places that he doesn't recognize.
CS panics and tries to stop the train, but it is no use. A message appears at the top of the tram on a panel, that shows someone who looks like one of the guards waving at him, with their tongue out.
CS realizes that there is nothing he can do, and closes his eyes. The tram seems to be going faster, as the light seems to be getting brighter. All of a sudden the tram, the light, and everything disappears.
The Archival Ending.
Cs-ocola has been deleted, and has been sent to the beginning of time itself.
Oh whoops!
The old game is still here...
Lemme fix that real quick for you.
Welp, time to start up the ol' Craptop.
Your PC sux. lol.
Delete the CSCord.
Eh, maybe tomorrow.
Downloading update 200/13...
Update complete.
OoOoOoOoO yes!
Hey guys!
Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi!
The Discord is overflowing with people trying to talk to CS.
OK, bedtime! Bye guys!
But it's like 8:04AM and you just woke up.
Bye!
CS is now offline.
k bye
Time to watch car crash videos for the next couple of hours!
Two hours later...
Okay... What to do now?
I could go outside, look at some flowers...
Yeah! Let's go outside!
Nice day!
Well, I guess it's car time.
Nice car!
It's pretty nice, but it's got some scratches...
Nooot so nice scratch...
You should try Crotch Doctor!
OH GOD AN ADVERTISER!!!
QUICK START THE CAR, START THE CAR!!!
Whew... That was close!
Should I go get groceries?
Yeah... It's a good idea to get some stuff.
Screw you, I'm going anyway!
Oh yes! Walmart is open!
CS walks inside.
Hello and welcome to Walmart! Can I help you with anything?
Wow! It's Walmart CEO Doug McMillon! You actually work here?
Of course! They were short a greeter today, so I filled in the slot!
Wow! He seems like a good man!
Now, let's find some food!
*pop* Noice! Genergy is 2 for $5! I'll take them all!
Oooh! Pringles are on sale too! Yoink!
CS walks to checkout.
Here's my stuff!
That'll be $11.88.
Here you go!
Have a good day.
You too, bye!
Let's get to the car.
Nooooot so nice scratch.
Not you again!
I gotta get outta here!
Let's get home before that guy doctors my crotch!
CS drives home and manages to avoid reenacting one of his favorite car crash videos.
CS arrives home and walks to his room.
Ahhh. It's good to be home!
You know, I haven't put out a YTP in a while. I should work on one of my in-progress ones.
CS walks to his craptop and opens up Premiere.
Ooooh! Here's the one from my last editing stream. People would be excited to finally see this as a finished product.
CS watches the in-progress video.
This is pretty good, but I am feeling uninspired... I don't know where to go from here...
Hmmm...
I know! I should watch some other YTPs for inspiration.
CS opens up YouTube and begins watching YTPs. After a while, CS runs into some old YTPs.
Man, it was so easy back then. All you needed was Windows Movie Maker and some effects. If only it was that easy now...
...
Oh look a flashback. What a coincidence...
Hey guys! Young CS here! Today I'm gonna be editing a craaaaAaAAaAAAAAaaAazy video!!
keyboard tapping
Ohhhhhh YeeEeeEeEeeEEeEEs! This is lookin' good!
Oh, flashback over.
A loud crash is heard as a crack is split in CS' foundation.
Woah! I was dreaming so long that the foundation fell apart. My house just fell to the side!
I really need to get some foundation repair.
Better call HoH SiS!
They are really good at giving me the JoJ!
CS dials 1-800-HoH-SiiS.
Hello? Can you give me the JoJ?
Is this a prank caller on the line?
No! My house really needs foundation repair! I need your help ASAP!!
Alright. That will be 200,000 bits. You can pay us afterwards.
The operator hangs up.
Well that is one thing taken care of.
I guess I'll work on my new YTP while I wait.
Time passes and the doorbell rings.
Oh, they're here!
Let me go get the door...
Hello! I am cs188 and I-
Alright that will be 200,000 Bits.
Okay, I guess they already told you what I need done... Lemme get my wallet...
Hang on a sec. Didn't they say I could pay afterwards?
Yeah well, corporate policies just changed 5 seconds ago. Pay up.
A few moments later...
Here you go! I'll get out of you guys' hair while you work.
CS leaves after paying 200,000 Bits.
Come on in, guys, CS left.
So now that we're here, what should we do to him?
Hmmm...
Let's go check his room. We might get some ideas.
The three HoH SiS workers go upstairs.
Wow, I didn't know CS had a Union Jack!
CS sure loves those Brits~!
Alright, but now what should we do?
How about we burn down his house!
Eh...
How about we mess with his laptop?
Good idea! Let's get sabotagin'!
Ed launches the craptop.
Heheh... He won't know what hit him...
Quickly! Let's get out of here before he comes back!
Hurry up!
Lemme call our JoJ UFO.
I'm beaming up!
Things sure are boooooring around here...
Hey, I got an idea!
Let's go to Michael Rosen's house!
Thankfully, Michael lives pretty close.
His vacation house in the US is only a few streets away!
Before I forget, I should probably call him first.
CS pulls out his phone and calls Michael.
Hello!
Hey Michael! How you doin' today?
I'm feeling rather noice today.
That's good to hear! You mind if I head over to your place?
The JoJ is being done on my house, so I figured we can chat for a bit.
Sure! I have a another guest visiting as well, bringing chocolate cake.
Mmm! That sounds delicious!
CS looks in the back seat of his car.
I have some Genergy with me, if you guys want some.
Sounds wonderful. I've never tried it, but I'm sure it's good.
Alright well, I'll be there soon!
CS puts his phone away and drives over to Michael's house.
Come in! Come in!
Hey Michael!
Sit down, make yourself comfy. I got a new poem I want to show you!
Sure thing, enlighten me.
Right. This one is called:{w}{i}The Library.{/i}
There once was a man who would go on a grand adventure.
He would meet all sorts of friends, and flee from his enemies.
After his long adventure, he took a long nap.
When he woke up, he was in a huge library.
CS? Did you fall asleep?
CS!
Wha- what?
Did you just... sleep through my entire poem?
Nooooooooooooooooo?
Michael sighs and facepalms.
The doorbell rings.
Oh! My other guest is here! I'll be right back!
Phil Swift here!
CS, meet my other friend, Phil!
Oh wow! I didn't know you were friends with Phil Swift!
Well, it might be because he said he could make the best chocolate cake.
Speaking of which, Phil, do you have the cake?
Here it is! It even works underwater!
That's odd to mention, but time to eat!
CS suddenly realizes what's going on.
Michael! That's not chocolate cake!
I have loads to eat! Om nom nom...
Blarrrgh!
Michael spits out the Flex Seal cake.
This is horrible! Get out! Get out of here!
But it seals, and bonds--
OUT!
I need something to drink. CS, did you bring that drink?
Sure thing, here you go.
Goodness.
Michael downs the whole can.
Quick! Get out!
What is going on?
The Genergyfoogle is here! It's come to eat us all!
Oh man, did that Genergy have something else in it...?
I need to get out before he goes nuts!
I should check on the HoH SiS folks. They should be making some progress by now.
CS walks into his room.
What?! They're gone? Already?
CS attempts to boot his laptop.
...
Nothing.
Stupid craptop, turn on!
CS tries to turn it on again.{w} Nothing.
Maybe it finally died...
Wait...
The last people in this room were the HoH SiS guys!
They must have messed with it!
They didn't even do the JoJ!
I need to get those guys!
I'm gonna go to HoH SiS HQ and kick some butt!
Alright! Where are the head JoJites?!
I don't know!!
BullShisH!
CS punches the worker.
They--... They're on the roof!!
Good!!
...
Get out of my way!
CS bodyslams the workers as he runs past.
Ow.
Which way to the elevator? Now!
Uhh, that way!
Thanks, and also-
CS clocks the worker in the face.
Which way to go...
A... pineapple?
A fucking chicken?
You'll pay for what you did!
Wesley sweats nervously.
Do you want a refund?
I'll refund your face to the floor!
Take this!
CS punches Wesley and knocks him out.
That'll teach you not to mess with a nerd's computer!
Hello, 911? My coworker just got knocked out by a disgruntled customer and appears to be dying! Send help!
Hiya!
CS chops Wesley in the chest and he flies off the roof.
I sawed this foundation repairman in half!
Hello, 911? My coworker just got karate chopped by a disgruntled customer off the roof! Send help!
That'll teach you not to mess with a nerd's computer!
Hello, 911? My coworker just got kicked by a disgruntled customer off the roof! Send help!
CS uses his YTP magic to make the foundation repairman fight eachother.
Hey! Cut it out!
I'm not trying to fight! I don't know what is happening help!!
Ed! Do something!
Hello, 911? My coworkers are-
CS sentence-mixes Ed's words to his own will.
Everything is fine here officer. No need to come here.
What wait just happened?
CS quickly puts all the workers to sleep.
Huh. That worked a lot better than I thought. I should use this power more!
Welp, time to go home!
As CS was about to leave, the cops come rushing in.
Freeze! Put your hands in the air!
What's going on? I didn't do anything!
Come with us, we need you to ask some questions.
Alright, sure thing officer.
Alright CS, a lot of crazy things happened today.
The CEO of HoH SiS called us today, and was immediately interrupted buy something or someone telling us that everything was under control.
After reviewing the phone call, his voice sounds kinda messed up.
I uhh, I don't know what that is all about...
Oh really?
What about all the workers in the building? Most of them were lying cold on the floor.
Okay fine!
I confess!
I was using YTP magic on the employees to make them fight, and I--
You what? What the hell are you on about?
I have this power, and I just figured out how to--
Alright, I've heard enough.
Lemme call in someone to deal with this.
Mr. Mohs, you can deal with this man.
Sure thing, boss.
Come on, follow me this way at once.
Here is your room. Enjoy living out the rest of your life here.
Sir, you need to listen to me! I'm not crazy!
That's what they all say. Get off of me.
Sorry it had to be this way, bud.
Ow...
This isn't fair!
Hey!
Quit the whining!
What?
Who are you?
I am CS God, and I was the one who used the YTP power.
WHAT? How? I am so confused.
You channelled your power through me, that was how you were able to do those abilities back at HoH SiS HQ.
It seems that you weren't good enough at lying to get yourself out of the situation though.
Well, I wanted to be honest!
Yeah well, look where honesty got you.
No one would believe something as silly as YTP power.
For your punishment, I'm gonna leave you here you a while.
No! Please!
You'll get out soon enough, but maybe you should think about making a {i}better choice{/i} next time.
Dammit! Ed's calling the police! I gotta go after him!
911! Come quickly! He's chasing after me!
The police arrive and CS runs away.
Get back here!
You can't catch me, I'm the speedy Michael Rosen!
As CS is not actually the speedy Michael Rosen, he gets caught by the police.
Alright, welcome to the slammer. How tough are ya?
How tough am I?! How, tough, am, I?! I beat Cuphead!
So?
In under 90 minutes!
Hmm... okay, you're a tough enough guy to handle this cellmate, then.
Oh, hi Arceus.
Heya, CS. .w.
So what are you in for?
Putting spyware on a politician's phone.
Yeah, no, that checks out.
And from my recent debug of CSBounciness, I know that you're in for beating up workers at HoHSiS.
Your what?
Never mind. Why'd you do it, anyhow?
I was 100 percent unsatisfied.
As was I. As was I...
A brief moment of silence...
Welp. I'm tired of this place. Wanna break out?
Eh... sure, why not, I've played plenty of The Escapists, I should be able to figure it out.
We should break out at least one other person though.
If you say so... Who were you thinking of breaking out?
Let's just break out that guy next to us, I think his name was Anno...
Anno? Sure, I've seen what he's capable of, he may be of use to us.
Alright then, let's get going!
So, what's the plan? I've been trying to break outta here for five years.
Well, for a start. I need to get a feel of the routine here.
I really can't stand being here another minute. I'll give you the rundown. Hasn't changed then, won't change now.
Arceus describes the prison routine to CS.
I think I got all that.
So, what's our plan, boss?
I gotta grab a few plastic spoons from the mess hall, a cup of molten chocolate, a guard outfit, and a change of shorts.
Why a change of shorts?
You kidding me? I'm gonna shit myself 'cause this is scary as hell.
Fair enough.
The current day ends, and the next one progresses. CS and Arceus gather the required essentials for their escape. Along the way, they inform Anno, who more than happily complies with the plan.
The next evening...
Key, check.
Uniforms, check.
Spoons, check.
Extra shorts...
Check.
Alright men, let's get the heck out of here!
In the dark of the night, the three begin chipping away at their cell floor.
Upon breaking through, they set up makeshift bed dummies in their beds with their prison outfits, and don their acquired guard outfits.
They begin digging quickly, making distance away from their cells.
Jeez... I didn't think that would actually work.
You what?
How are we supposed to cross the border with the new wall?
Not the Mexican border, the Canadian border. We're in Washington, it's way closer and they're too polite to send us back.
Works for me, free healthcare.
Well, you have to live there for a few years before you get access to that, but you should last a few years without getting sick living on that healthy diet of Ritz and EZ cheese.
The three continue to dig for hours, until their hands begin to blister and their spoons break.
Based on my instinct and my tiredness. This should be far enough.
The now escaped fugitives dig up for their ascent to the surface.
CS, Anno, and Arceus emerge and begin heading north towards the border crossing.
A wild border guard appears.
I'm going to need proof of citizenship, eh.
Colour is spelled with a u, eh.
Works for me, eh.
Some time passes as the party continues forth into the land of Canada.
Arceus, can we stop somewhere? I'm getting hungry.
Yeah, we've been walking for miles now.
Guys. We've only just left the border. You can still see it behind us.
The crew look behind them and still see a faint American flag waving.
Prison food just isn't all that filling.
I suppose we could find a Tim Horton's, it's as common in Canada as a McDonald's is in America.
Anno and CS nod aggressively.
Arceus sniffs the air.
There's one just over here, come on.
I'm starving after all that walking, I need a donut.
Finally.
Hi.
Can I help you?
Yeah, can I have a dozen glazed donuts please?
Oh hi, Arceus, I didn't know it was you.
Wait, huh?
Here you go.
That's me!
How much is it?
It'll be $18.{nw}
Here you go! Keep the change.
Hi doggy!
You're my favorite customer.
Thanks a lot! Bye~
Buh-bye!
...
I think I'm {i}really{/i} sleep deprived.
CS, Arceus, and Anno enjoy some well-deserved donuts.
Sorry to interrupt you two, but we may have a problem: Those donuts cost me the last of my money. We are going to need to find a way to make some cash.
CS looks across the street to see Linus Media Group.
Linus Media Group, huh? I have a lot of video editing experience, maybe I can get a job there.
CS walks into the studio to ask for a job.
Sure, you can have a job, just show us proof of citizenship and you're ready to go!
Colour is spelled with a u, eh.
I need actual papers, the last time I hired someone who used that as proof of citizenship I got fined and had to sell one of my thousands of 4090s.
Ummmm, I'll be right back.
Arc, what am I gonna do? They need proof I'm legal to work.
Hmmm...
A lightbulb goes off in Arceus' head.
Leave it to me.
Arceus rummages around in the dumpsters behind LMG.
Hnng...{w} hmmpmh... {w}aha!
Arceus finds an old laptop.
Perfect.
Within minutes, Arceus has hacked the Canadian governement records to display CS as having a valid work visa.
Even their security is too nice...
Arceus rummages around the dumpster more and finds a magnet from an old CRT.
He places it against the laptop, corrupting the hard drive instantly.
Without a trace.
He discards both items and rushes out of the alley.
All taken care of.
What did you do?
Don't worry about it. Just have them look you up.
I didn't think you could have a number as a last name...
Yep, there you are, cs188, with a valid working visa.
Looks like you're hired!
Ohhh yes! {w}{i}ahem{/i} I mean, thank you, Linus!
I did it, I got the job!
Woohoo!
Hell yeah!
Let's celebrate!
CS, Anno, and Arceus cheers their donuts together.
CS returns to LMG the next day.
Welcome to Linus Media Group, come on in, I'll show you to your desk.
Thanks, Linus.
Linus and CS walk to CS' new desk.
Wow! I thought this was a starting office, why do I get such a cool desk?
Actually, this is our worst setup, you'll get upgraded after you've been here a while.
Holy shit, really? This is way better than any setup I've seen, let alone had.
You must've had really bad setups then, this only has 3080s, everyone else has 3090s or 4080s.
I have absolutely no problem with 3080s.
Well, enjoy!
I guess I better get to work on editing, let's see what videos I need to edit...
Let's see, I have the new TechQuickie video on how live streaming works, or the video on how at least half of the keys on your keyboard should be macros...
Dammit Taran, you can edit your own macro fetish content.
I guess I'll edit the livestreaming one.
CS starts working on editing the TechQuickie video and Linus comes in to check on him.
Hey CS, how's the new video coming along?
It's going well, I have the background all done and I'm working on adding graphics and fixing audio.
Wow! You're a fast worker, you'll get off of those old 3080s in no time.
Thanks Linus.
Speaking of live streaming, we need a new PC for the WAN Show, can you go and buy parts for one?
Nah, I wanna finish this video first. That way I can help you pump out videos faster.
Alright, that's fine. I'll probably send Colton to get the parts instead, he's good at sucking up to those kinda things.
Alright haha, yeah I definitely wasn't using this as an excuse to get out of shopping!
...ok? Whatever, just keep editing.
Yeah, no, don't worry I got this.
Linus leaves the room.
Hmm, this video looks pretty great so far, I'm practically almost done at this point.
I wonder what the others will think of this though? I should probably get opinions from some of the other employees.
Need any help with anything?
Hey Taran! You wanna check out my video so far?
Sure, let it roll.
CS and Taran watch CS' video.
Well, you think it's good?
Hey hey! That's not half bad!
Thanks! I guess my many years of video editing is finally paying off after all.
They definitely have.
You know what? I think this video is so good, I don't even think Linus needs to check this.
He will be so surprised when you upload it, he will wonder how you put it together so well in such little time.
You really think so? I mean, I don't want him to be upset with me.
Don't worry about it. If he thinks it is that bad, I'll take the blame on it.
That's nice and all, but do you think that's a good idea? I mean, I don't want to mess up my first chance at this.
Nah, don't worry about it.
Even if something dumb happens, he usually never gets mad at us for doing silly things like that.
Well if you say so, I guess it's fine.
Let's wait and see how he reacts.
Alrighty then, I'll catch you later!
For tonight, this{w=0.1} is{w=0.1} CS,{w=0.5}{cps=*0.1} signing{cps=*10} out!
...What did you say?
Huh? I totally didn't say that, I'm just gonna leave.
...
...
... This is {i}your{/i} office...
...
Okay, I'll see you later then!
Well, I guess since this video is already good enough, I can upload it now.
It's so crazy having the ability to access the LTT channels. There is so much crazy shit going on here!
Oh well, time to upload this.
CS pauses for a moment.
I don't know, I really feel like I shouldn't upload this yet.
It doesn't feel complete. Something is missing from it...
Lemme go look at the project file and run through the video again.
Just as CS was about to watch his video, an idea kicked in.
I got it! I know exactly what to do!
If Taran really does mean what he says about Linus, then I'm sure he'll love this!
I'm gonna turn this video into a YTP!
It will be perfect! No one will expect it because they probably don't even know what I even did with my life for the past 13 years!
As always, I should make sure it's as good as possible so at least Linus will enjoy it, along with his fans.
But I also don't have much time before Linus comes back and notices, so I need to hurry!
Welp, time to get to work!
The next day.
CS walks into LMG to greet Linus.
Hey guys! Did you all check out the new video?
Yes, and we need to talk.
Don't worry, I already know it's perfect. It's so great, isn't it?
It's actually the very opposite of that. You're fired.
Wait, what?
Look, I don't care how much you really wanted to humiliate me, just leave.
I don't understand, I didn't think you would be this upse-{w=0.25}{nw}
Just get out of here you stupid dumb animal!!
...
CS turns around and stomps out of the building.
The next day.
CS walks into LMG to greet Linus.
Hey guys! Did you all check out the new video?
Yes we did.
It was...
Oh shoot, it was awful wasn't it?
Yeah, I should've realized my style is too crazy, I guess I should leave…
As CS turns around, Linus friendly punches him in the back.
Dude what are you talking about? That video was awesome!
Woah wait, you actually like YTPs?
Yeah man, you think I just hired you on the spot because of your obviously fake visa?
I love your videos! I've been secretly hoping you would YTP one of mine for the longest time!
CS' frown fades in a big grin, as they both high-five.
Hell yeah! I would've never thought YTPs would help me in a business setting, nevermind that my BOSS enjoyed them!
Alright! Well, I guess I better get back to poopin'!
Before CS heads out of the room, Linus shouts to him.
Hey, later today, I got a big surprise to show you. I'll stop by your office and we can check it out!
Sure thing!
When CS gets back to his setup, he starts letting his mind race with ideas.
Oh man, where do I even start now?
I have so many ideas of videos to poop, I could even try to teach Linus how to YTP...
I mean, with the amount of tech he drops on a daily basis, he kinda already is a YTP.
Alright well, back to editing!
The time flies by as CS dumps his ideas into Premiere.
Doo dee doo...
Linus barges in. 
CS!!!
WOAH SHI--{w=0.5}you scared the crap out of me!
Hah sorry, I'm just excited to show you this!
Linus holds out a rectangular box that reads on the front in black bold text {b}DO NOT USE.{/b}
Umm, you sure this is the right box? It literally says--
Yeah I know what it says, I just wrote this on here so no one else uses it.
Don't worry, I didn't like, buy it from some creepy dude at a garage sale that claims it's haunted.
CS looks unnerved.
Look just, open the box. I'm sure you'll like it.
CS cautiously takes the box, and opens the top. 
Inside is what looks to be a graphics card, but with a brown YouTube logo engraved into the side.
Woah, what is this, Linus? A YouTube-brand graphics card?
Not exactly. It's an experimental piece of hardware that we have never used before, and it's custom made.
Linus holds the card into the air.
Behold! {w=0.5} The-- WOAH SHIT {w=0.5}{nw}
Linus loses grip of the card as it tumbles down onto the table next to him.
CS facepalms, while you can hear Luke laughing in the background.
Goodness Linus, you should maybe not do that next time.
Yeah, I'm sorry. Maybe you should hold it.
This card is called the YTX-9001 Ti, a PCI add-in for enhancing and optimizing YouTube Poops.
CS' eyes widen.
Wait whaaat? That's awesome! How does this even work?
We don't even know, we haven't even tested it yet.
It also apparently has Poop-tracing, which I'm curious to see how that works.
Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get this thing hooked up!
Linus and CS take apart CS' PC and put the card in.
They then start the computer, and everything boots up as normal.
Alright, now that it's up and working, we need to install the drivers. The card came with a flash drive that includes them.
As Linus inserts the flashdrive, a window off the side of the screen pops up saying 'Your new Peeforce Experience drivers are available.'
CS chuckles a bit.
Peeforce? I must admit, even these driver names are a bit silly.
Linus laughs.
If you want, we can wipe them later.
Wipe! Now you're in on it!
They both laugh as the drivers install, and once they're finished, CS boots up Premiere.
Alrighty, let's see here. Why don't we try this on that YTP I just made?
Go to the settings real quick, and find the YTP features. turn YTP mode ON to allow the poop-tracing.
Alright, here goes nothing.
A loading bar appears as the timeline starts shifting and different edits are created in the process.
Holy crap! This is amazing! It optimized every part of my YTP!
That's pretty cool, but let's try it on a completely new source.
Open the video that we just took yesterday.
CS opens the video, and enables YTP ON again. The source starts already making edits to start with.
And hey, if you don't like the edits it makes, you can always turn it off or tweak the settings in that tab.
Wow, thank you so much for this, Linus!
No problem! This was my gift to you. Now, we should make a review video of it before the day ends.
Sure thing, let's take the card out real quick.
Linus goes and gets the cameras set up, and they start to film the video.
These days, video editing can be so difficult, and tedius. Lately the YouTube algorithm has been demanding more from us content creators.
Which is why today, we brought along our newest employee, long term YouTube Pooper: cs188 for this review of the new YTX-9001!
Hey guys! CS here! The YTX-9001 is a fantastic card, and we can't wait to show you all of its features!
Much like we can't wait to show you this seguay to our sponsor!
The two stand for a moment awkwardly staring at the camera.
...Go ahead and cut.
Who knew recording could be so stressful. I could use a drink. The lights are so bright.
Here. Take this water bottl-- oops!
Linus drops the water bottle on the ground.
You really have butter fingers with everything, Linus.
Here. Take this water bottle, it will keep you hydrated and your water cool. lttstore.com
... Linus, we aren't filming...
Sorry. Force of habit.
Some time passes and they finish the recording.
Afterwards, CS goes up to Linus' office.
Hey Linus?
What's up CS? What do you need help with?
I'm up to doing more review videos with you.
Sweet! I'll make sure to hit you up for our next video!
If you want, you can think of some ideas for next time.
You should probably head out for now, it's getting late.
Yeah, I just hope that my community will move on with this new content.
I've been making Youtube Poops for a while now, so I hope they understand in due time.
I'm sure you'll be okay, plus the LTT fanbase is much bigger!
I guess so.
Before CS can think about this too much, a lot of commotion can be heard at the front of the building.
Linus! There is a furry outside!
What?
Hold on, lemme check.
CS and Linus rush to the front door.
Linus goes to open the door.
Who's there? Is anyone here?
Suddenly, Arceus rushes in through the doors.
CS! There you are! We need to go ASAP!
CS? You know this person?
It's a long story.
Arceus, what's going on? Where have you been?
Look, CS, we don't have much time. I know that you've been living here for a while, but the cops are still looking to extradite us back to America, and they are headed to LTT to search for you!
WHAT? CS, why are the cops chasing you? This could seriously damage our reputation {size=-10}more than the time I mentioned I dropped hard R's as a kid!
I have a question about what I want to do here at LTT.
Linus stands up and walks over to him.
Sure. I mean, what do you want to do?
I really want to make more YTPs for you guys.
Linus laughs a bit.
Oh, CS, when I gave you the YTP card that was meant for use on your own channel, not the LTT one.
I know, but--{w=0.25}{nw}
I mean, for example.{w=0.5} TARAN! GET IN HERE!
Taran rushes up to Linus' office.
{i}panting{/i} Yes, {w=0.5}Linus? {w=0.5}What is it?
Taran, have you ever seen a YTP?
Other than the one CS made the other day? Not really.
See, CS? Not only will our audience be super confused, but our employees will be as well.
Alright... I see...
Well, I want to keep working on YTPs!
This is like, what I built my life on, and I just...
CS? Are you okay? Maybe you should take a chill pill.
I thought you liked YTPs a lot! You said you hired me because of it!
What? You hired him because of that?
Look, let's all just calm down okay? If you wanna keep doing YTPs, fine, but if it messes up our company you have to either stop or you're fired.
Fine!
Before CS can storm off, Colton rushes in with some info.
Linus! There is a furry outside!
What?
Hold on, lemme check.
CS and Linus rush to the front door.
Linus goes to open the door.
Who's there? Is anyone here?
Suddenly, Arceus rushes in through the doors.
CS! There you are! We need to go ASAP!
CS? Seriously?
Arceus, what's going on? Where have you been?
Look, CS, we don't have much time. I know that you've been living here for a while, but the cops are still looking to extradite us back to America, and they are headed to LTT to search for you!
WHAT? CS, why are the cops chasing you? This could seriously damage our reputation {size=-10}more than the time I mentioned I dropped hard R's as a kid!
You know what? Why don't you all come down to my office.
I mean... sure. Let's see what you have in stock.
Come on guys, let's go!
Linus gathers more employees as they follow CS to his office.
What is this all about Linus? I was just about to go home.
Boohoo, Luke, you probably don't even do anything at home.
:(
Hi guys! What did I miss? I thought we were going to build a streaming machine?
Look Colton, we can do that tomorrow.
Hey guys~ CS Here! Showing you the wonderful world of YTPs!
Oh no...
A... what?
Alright! Strap in because YouTube is where the poop is!
After half an hour passes, CS has shown LTT what YTPs are all about.
Welp. Those are some of the best ones that I could find.
Hey, those were actually really funny. Linus, didn't you tell me about how much you actually liked YTPs?
Nooooo...?
Now that you say that...
Alright fine! I guess if you all like it too, we could put some on our channel from time to time.
Hell yeah!
But you still have to help with some other videos as well, not just YTPs.
Alright, that's fair.
Well, the rest of you can go back to what you were doing.
Oh yeah, Linus? Before I go, I was told someone was banging on the door to enter just a minute ago.
They were dressed up like a furry or something.
Great CS, did you attract your furry fanbase to work here as well?
I swear, this doesn't have anything to do with my community.
Wait, what do you mean? I was just joking about the furry fanbase.
...
Whatever, let's just go check out who it is.
CS and Linus rush to the front door.
Linus goes to open the door.
Who's there? Is anyone here?
Suddenly, Arceus rushes in through the doors.
CS! There you are! We need to go ASAP!
So you DO have a furry fanbase who wants to join LTT! Damn it CS, I should've known.
Shut up, Linus!
Arceus, what's going on? Where have you been?
Look, CS, we don't have much time. I know that you've been living here for a while, but the cops are still looking to extradite us back to America, and they are headed to LTT to search for you!
WHAT? CS, why are the cops chasing you? This could seriously damage our reputation {size=-10}more than the time I mentioned I dropped hard R's as a kid!
CS thinks long and hard about his decision.
I'm sorry Arceus, but I finally just got this dream job, and I can't lose it.
The cops are almost here CS! If they find you, you won't be able to work anyways!
I'm done running Arc. I need to be with LTT.
Welp. I tried.
Arc shrugs and walks away, as he goes to escape on his own.
CS, what happened with the cops?! I still have no clue what's going on!
Look okay, so there were these guys from a company called HoH SiS, who do foundation repair.
My house was in dire need of foundation repair, so I called them up to come help fix my house.
They also thought I was prank caller because I made that one video about them a long time ago,
and they also told me that they changed their policy with payments and I had to pay them immediately.
When they came over I decided to go visit my friend Michael Rosen, and he had this chocolate cake that actually WASN'T chocolate cake,
And then I gave him an energy drink and he went kinda crazy, so I went back home to check on HoH SiS.
and when I got back home, they-
Freeze!
As CS was explaining his story in extreme detail, the cops showed up in time.
You are under arrest! Put your hands in the air!
Look, I'm sorry Linus, I wish I could explain, but Arceus is right. I need to get going.
I am like, {i}so{/i} confused and frustrated, this better not ruin LMG.
I'm sorry guys, I'll try to get you guys caught up after this.
This is CS, signing out.
We have no time for that, CS! We need to go!
CS and Arceus run out of the building, and try to find cover while they escape.
As they are making their way further from the building, they can hear sirens grow in volume as flashing lights rush towards the LMG headquarters.
Thank God we are getting out of here, Linus didn't like my ideas.
Ah dang, that sucks to hear.
This is awful, I was just starting to get along well with Linus and the gang.
I'm sure they'll forgive you in due time, but for now, we need to evade the cops' trail and get back to the United States.
While Arceus and CS were fleeing away from the scene, the cops show up at LTT to investigate.
The employees at LTT are in chaos as the police show up to the front of the building.
WTF is going on?
Linus! What did you do!?
Relax guys, it's nothing that we did.
Linus mutters to himself.
{i}I should've done a background check on CS, it's weird how--{/i}
Copguy bursts in.
Alright, everyone! Back against the wall! Nobody move!
So, are we moving to the wall or... not moving?
Don't question the police! Just--{w=0.5} stand against the wall!
The LMG members move toward the wall while more policemen come in and search the place.
Alright, I have a very simple question to ask you all.
Do you know this man?
Copguy shows a picture of CS to the crew.
Uhh yeah, that's--
We don't know who that is at all.
Oh really? You there, what did you say about this man?
I, uhh...
I was saying that...
That it looks like Colton! Yeah!
What the fuck, Taran!
Yep, that looks like Colton, alright.
Alright, sir, what's your name?
It's Lin-
Yeah okay. Linard, if you say that it's {i}this{/i} man, how can you explain the maid outfit that was used in the video that was just uploaded an hour ago?
Well uhh, he's got some... weird kinks...
Oh my fucking god.
If you are so sure then, lemme go talk to the sheriff about this.
Sure thing, officer.
Copguy leaves the scene.
I can't fucking believe you guys! That was way too far!
April Fools?
IT'S JULY!
Copguy orders the rest of the cops to leave the scene and return back to the station.
Damnit, they don't have CS anymore. We're gonna have to look harder for him.
Meanwhile, CS and Arc have been running back to the US border.
Aw man! This is embarrassing!
Yeah, so much for the editing job, I guess.
I can't seem to get a break this month. First my problems with HoH SiS, now I'm running from the cops?
I should've just called another foundation repair company.
Yeah, that sounds like hell. {size=-10}You could have called me. I am literally a god.
It IS hell.
I should've known that the cops were going look for us. We didn't hide our tracks too well.
I heard about the cops at the last second when I was checking comm chatter around the area. I figured that since you helped me out, I should come back for you.
Thanks man, I really owe you again.
Nah, I owe you.
CS and Arc approach the border guard again.
I'm gonna need proof of--
Ey, it's you two buds again!
Yeah, quite the vacation we had! We had so much fun in Canada didn't we CS?
Yep!
Alright, hope you two come back to visit the Great White North again, ey buds?
Sure thing!
The duo continue their trek now in the US, in the state of Washington.
So, what happened with you?
Hmm?
Well, I went to work at LTT, and had to spend my nights at a nearby hotel.
Linus gave me enough money to make due in time.
Wait, which hotel?
The Hoto Hoto?
Well, I've been at the same hotel, clearing up ties from my cyber criminal past.
I've been in prison for five years, so I've had to figure out what to do again for money.
Anno's been at the hotel too, I think he's planning on starting some kind of band.
Ah, I see.
Back at the police station, Copguy talks to the sheriff about CS.
Howdy officer Copguy, tell me, you guys arrested CS this evening, right?
Unfortunately, no we did not.
The sheriff slams his desk.
Damnit! And how did you fuck that up?
Look, you see, he managed--
You know what, I don't want to hear this!
First, they manage to escape from one of our top prisons, and now you're telling me that you lost him?!
Please, this is one of my best cases yet! I need to catch him, and I promise I'll put him back in jail along with those other two!
The sheriff thinks for a moment.
Alright, since I know you've been pretty good at catching criminals for the past 15 years, I'll let it slide this time.
But believe me, this CS man has a pretty big target on his head, and we need to bring him to justice before him and his gang do anything else funny.
The next time you come back here, he better be with you, or you're fired!
Sure thing, boss. I'll track him down...{w=0.5} on my own.
Copguy turns around and heads out to track down CS and Arc.
Meanwhile, CS and Arc are still making their way through the US, without any sense of direction.
Hey Arceus? Do you have any clue where we are?
No idea, I'm just following the road. There's bound to be a rest stop here eventually.
I hope so, we've been walking for hours. It's gotta be midnight around now…
CS looks into the distance.
Hey Arc! I can see some lights in the distance! We gotta be getting close!
Wait a minute, those are--
Arceus squints into the distance, but CS and Arc both immediately recognize the sounds.
SHIT!
Copguy's back! He's probably looking all over for us! What do we do CS?!
CS closes his eyes. He starts to concentrate on the sirens and the car.
CS?!? What are you doing!?
CS!!!! They're heading right at us!!
CS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Copguy's car flies off the road and violently crashes into the forest.
CS??? Are you okay?
Yeah, I feel really good actually.
Are we good?
...
I guess so.
Copguy, he...
Yeah I took care of him, didn't I?
I guess you did.
Should we keep going?
Are you not like, phased at all by this?
Eh, not really.
Alright, well...
Let's keep going...
The duo continues to travel along the road.
CS talks to himself along the way, with Arceus weary of his actions still.
{chaos}TmV2ZXIgZ29ubmEgZ2l2ZSB5b3UgdXAsIG5ldmVyIGdvbm5hIGxldCB5b3UgZG93biwgbmV2ZXIgZ29ubmEgcnVuIGFyb3VuZCBhbmQgZGVzZXJ0IHlvdS4KTmV2ZXIgZ29ubmEgbWFrZSB5b3UgY3J5LCBuZXZlciBnb25uYSBzYXkgZ29vZGJ5ZSwgbmV2ZXIgZ29ubmEgdGVsbCBhIGxpZSwgYW5kIGh1cnQgeW91fg==
CS? What are you saying?
Huh? Nothing.
{size=-15}It's now or never.
CS channels CSGod.
Time to die, Arceus!
Really? I've been a god longer than you dummy.
Nice try.
{size=-15}I need to wait. I'm not powerful enough to attack.
Man, I hope you are doing fine.
Yep!
The duo walks silently for a few hours, and eventually the sun rises.
So uhh, should we keep going this direction?
...
Yep.
Hey, we found a town! That's good right?
Yep.
Dude, are you sure you're okay?
You haven't said anything, like at all for the past several hours.
I'm fine.
...okay.
Well uhh, what should we do now?
Are we gonna like, try to get you home?
{size=-4}Do you wanna even go home?
Yes yes, let's just wait here.
In the middle of the road?
Why?
There is someone coming! Shouldn't we move?
Hello?
All of a sudden, the car driving at them slowly stops.
The man inside gets out of the car.
Hey that's my car!
What are you doing?
Take us to these coordinates: 46.5754, -112.3008.
I uhh,
No problem!
Let's go!
For the whole drive, no one says a word.
Welp. We are here.
CS gets out of the car and heads up the trail on the side of the road.
Hey uhh, I'm gonna get out too.
CS? Where did you go?
What is wrong with him right now?
After that the incident with the cops he's been...
He's just been-
Stronger than ever.
Ouch.
Praise CS God! Praise CS God!
Billy takes off in an instant after witnessing the event.
I have finally harnessed the power of CS God!
Time to take over the world!
Arceus, quick! Let's escape into the forest!
Alrighty, let's go!
CS and Arc quickly jump into the trees next to them.
As CS and Arceus hunker down into the foliage, they see the flash of lights fly past them.
Phew! That was a close one, CS!
Yeah, it looks like we hid just in time.
Alright well, should we wait here for a bit or do you think the coast is clear?
We should probably wait for a little bit. They might turn around and see us.
Yeah, that's a good point. I kinda don't want to risk going back to prison again.
CS and Arc stay quiet in the forest for about 15 minutes before heading back on the road again.
Hey, Arceus?
Hmm?
Now that we are out here and have more time to talk, where exactly are we heading to? Why did we come back to the US?
Well, I figured you wanted to go back home, right?
Of course I want to head back home, it's just... it seems so far away.
We don't really have a car or anything, we are completely lost, and we got the cops still looking for us, probably!
Look man, I know it's pretty hard right now. But we gotta be optimistic about this.
The second we find people, I'm sure we can work something out and head back home.
If you say so, I just hope we don't have to WALK all the way there.
I don't think that'll be the case.
{cps=10}I don't think so either.
Before CS and Arc can react, they both get the lights knocked out of them.
When CS and Arc wake up, they find themselves in handcuffs leaned up against a cop car.
Huh?
What happened?
Hey, you're finally awake.
Hey, CS.
I'm sorry.
No no no! This can't be happening!
Arceus! Can't you do something about this?
No can do, boss. Looks like this is the end of the line.
No time for negotiations, pal. Get in the car.
CS and Arc are thrown into the cop car, as Copguy says some order on his walkie.
This is Copguy calling in a 1-8-8 on Compass Road. Sheriff? We got em.
Copguy gets in the car and they head off.
As they are heading away, CS has the urge to say something.
Wait a second! I'm not actually CS!
I just LOOK like CS!
I mean, he might not be CS?
Nice try, bud. We saw your fake visa and everything. You too are going back to the slammer.
Wait a second! The reason all this happened was because HoH SiS sabotaged my computer!
Wait, what?
What are you on about?
Yes! HoH SiS scammed me out of thousands of dollars to get my foundation fixed, and they also broke my laptop!
So afterwards, I wanted to get my revenge!
I'm not believing this for a second.
You really thought I would fall for some silly little lie?
Actually, I have proof of this.
CS just raised a good point, and I can show you.
And HOW can you prove this? Where is your evidence?
Arceus pulls up a laptop that he managed to grab from the front seat.
WHAT? How did you get that?
Watch this.
Copguy stops the car as Arceus plays back the scene from {i}CS Bounciness I{/i} with the scamming of CS by HoH SiS.
How--
I have my ways.
I don't understand, so HoH SiS really did scam you hard, didn't they?
I'm not sure how valid it was for you to push that man off a building...
But I can't argue right now on if that footage is fake or not.
Copguy gets out of the car.
He then proceeds to open the doors and let them out, freeing them of their shackles.
Listen, I really shouldn't be doing this right now, but I have to go back to look into this deal with HoH SiS.
You are free to go for now.
But know this: I'm putting my job on the line over this.
Don't do anything stupid, because I have my eye on you two!
Copguy gets back into his car, and heads off into the dead of night.
CS and Arc look at each other, and smile.
Holy crap, I didn't think that would work.
Me neither! I'm so glad that they let us go!
I don't know how you got that footage, but we are now free once again!
Hooray for CS and Arc!
They both high five, and continue heading in the direction of the road.
As the duo continues their journey through the night, they soon have to figure out exactly where to go.
We've been walking all night, I'm exhausted.
Yeah, let's hope we find food and water soon.
Hey uhh, do you know exactly where we're going?
Well, I noticed that the sun rises ahead of us, which means we're heading east right now.
We can head in any direction really. The second we find a better form of transportation than walking, we're taking it.
What if we go north?
...What?
You said pick a direction!
To the north is Canada. Where we just came from. Try again.
I literally just said-
Just pick another direction.
I think we should go west.
Alright, we can try.
CS and Arc run into the Pacific Ocean.
It's just the ocean. Let's go another direction.
Let's try going west again. I'm sure there is something there.
Uhm, okay... Maybe we've missed something.
CS and Arc run into the Pacific, again.
Still just the ocean...
Nah come on, there is definitely SOMETHING we can find west.
I really don't want to go there again...
Nah, we got this, for sure this time.
CS and Arc find a cool looking crab, but still just the ocean again.
Hey! that's quite an epic crustacean!
Alright cool, can we pick another direction that ISN'T west this time?
Okay! One last time!
... Something tells me you were in an asylum for a bit...
CS and Arc surprisingly, find the ocean again.
...
...
...
Player. {w=0.5}Stop. {w=0.5}Going. {w=0.5}West.
CS is in the Linus Tech Tips office, surrounded by computer parts and confused colleagues.
CS scratches his head.
Aright, team, we've got a problem. This gaming PC is overheating, and we need a fix that's... shall we say, out of the box?
CS, we've tried everything -- new fans, liquid cooling, you name it. Nothing seems to work!
Well, have you tried the "Hairdryer Cooling System"?
Everyone exchanges puzzled glances.
The what?
CS grins michevously.
Trust me, it's the ultimate cooling solution. Picture this: we attach a hairdryer to the CPU, set it to low heat, and let the breeze cool everything down. It's foolproof!
Are you serious, CS? That sounds like a recipe for disaster.
Disaster? No, no, Linus. Think about it—hairdryers are designed to blow cool air, right? And what's cooler than a gentle breeze? It's foolproof, I tell you!
CS188 and the team are attaching a hairdryer to the gaming PC, with everyone watching nervously.
Aright, folks, brace yourselves. It's time to unleash the "Hairdryer Cooling System"!
CS188 presses the power button, and the hairdryer roars to life, blowing a stream of cool air into the PC.
Wait, it's actually working! The temperatures are dropping!
Of course it is! Nature's own air conditioning!
CS, I can't believe it. Your hairdryer solution is... actually genius.
That's how we do things in CS188 style, Linus! Unconventional, unpredictable, but effective.
The team erupts into laughter and applause as the gaming PC's temperatures stabilize.
CS, you've proven once again that there's always room for unconventional solutions in the world of tech.
Thank you, thank you. Just doing my part to keep things interesting.
The team celebrates their successful, albeit unconventional, tech solution.
Arceus bursts in.
CS! We've got to get out of here, and fast! The cops are hot on our tails!
Arceus, what in the world? Cops? I thought we were done with that prison break business!
Long story short, our disguise as janitors didn't quite fool them. We need to make a run for it before they catch up!
The colleagues in the office glance at each other, surprised and confused by the sudden turn of events.
Okay, okay. We need a plan. I've got it! We'll use the secret escape tunnel we installed under the office!
Brilliant idea, CS! Lead the way!
CS188 and Arceus dash to a hidden panel on the floor, revealing a concealed entrance to the escape tunnel.
CS188 and Arceus crawl through the dimly lit tunnel, their heartbeats echoing.
CS, do you even know where this tunnel leads?
Not a clue, my foxy friend! But that's what makes it an adventure, right?
They emerge from the tunnel into a surprising location—an abandoned, overgrown amusement park.
An amusement park? Seriously, CS?
Hey, when life hands you unexpected escapes, you make the most of them!
CS188 and Arceus start exploring the amusement park, hiding among the dilapidated rides and attractions while evading the pursuing cops.
CS188 and Arceus duck behind a broken carousel as the cops pass by.
{i}whispering{/i} CS, we can't hide here forever. We need a distraction!
CS thinks for a sec.
I've got it! Remember that prank we pulled back in prison using inflatable rubber ducks?
How could I forget?
Well, let's unleash the "Quack Attack" on our pursuers!
CS188 and Arceus discreetly inflate dozens of rubber ducks and release them, causing a colorful and noisy chaos.
The cops are distracted, slipping and sliding on the rubber ducks, as CS188 and Arceus make their getaway.
The chase scene intensifies as CS188 and Arceus dash through the amusement park, narrowly avoiding capture at every turn.
CS188 and Arceus reach the park's exit, breathing heavily but exhilarated.
CS, that was insane! We actually made it!
CS catches his breath.
We sure did, buddy. Another adventure for the books!
CS188 and Arceus exchange a high-five and disappear into the distance, ready for their next escapade.
Note: The script is a fictional representation and does not reflect the actual personalities or actions of CS188 or any real-life individuals.
Well Arceus, it has been quite a ride.
It sure has. We've been through quite a lot haven't we?
Yeah, I'm so tired. I can't wait to get some actual rest.
So, Arc?
Yeh?
Are you a furry?
I mean, I {i}am{/i} furry.
You know what I mean.
Is it really being a furry if I'm literally not a human?
Fair point.
You know, I can drive, Billy.
This is my car!
Well, yeah, but if you don't want to drive the whole way...
No, I'm good. You're in my car, and that means I'll drive!
Alright man, I just don't feel like we paid you enough for this.
Everything I sell, it's always $19.95!
Well, thanks man.
That's the power of friendship!
So Arc, where'd you learn to hack like that?
College.
You went to college? I thought you'd been in prison for five years!
And...?
How... how old are you?
Arc locks eyes with CS.
I forgot what I was saying, never mind.
Yeah, that's fine.
How long is this drive?
You sound like a child asking their mom if they're at Disney World yet.
I'm sorry man, I just want to get home.
It's quite a ways away still!
Aw man...
Listen, at least the cops aren't after us this time.
What?
Don't worry about it.
Billy gets a call on his Jupiter Jack.
Hey Billy, it's Carla!
What are you doing in my car?
I'm not in your car, I'm on the phone. You're using the Jupiter Jack, remember?
Oh yeah.
We have a meeting in twenty minutes.
I'm in the fucking northeast!
What? What are you doing there?
It's my car!
Billy hangs up the phone.
Unbelivable.
CS, why do you still pay for Adobe Premiere?
Well, I pay for the whole Creative Cloud.
You know, I can get you the whole suite for free.
No, no, I know, I just don't feel like I should.
Yarr.
No, thank you, I understand what you were insinuating.
;)
How much are you paying for it?
Like $50 a month...
Unbelivable! I wouldn't pay more than $19.95!
And buy one get one free!
What would I do with two Adobe suites?
What would you do with two Grater Platers?
Fair enough.
Have you heard of Genshin Impact? Start your adventure on the continent of Teyvat, and--{w=0.5}
{b}No.{/b}
I'm a pitchman, and even I won't stoop that low.
CS shuts up.
Okay so, CS, what is up with the catmaid outfit?
CS?
Billy gets a call on his Jupiter Jack.
Hi, it's Billy!
Hey Billy, CS is with you, right?
Oh hey Linus, it's me, CS!
I'm sorry about the cop scenario. I had an issue with a company called HoH SiS where they scammed me, and I kinda beat up their workers.
It's all good, I heard that the cops were looking for them anyways.
I'm sorry to hear about all that, I hope you are doing well.
We are doing okay!
That's good, I hope to hear from you again.
Billy gets a call on his Jupiter Jack.
Arceus?
How did you-- who is this?
We need to talk later.
:3
The phone hangs up from the other end.
Hey remember that pizza place we went to?
Yeah, why?
Well we spent the night there, and I swore there was someone watching us.
Oh really? Like when we were sleeping?
Yeah, I think I saw this dude with a funky hat, and he had a camera.
That's really creepy.
Did you ever change the Mount Rushmore thing back?
Nope!
Why would I? It looks cool now!
...
Billy gets a call on his Jupiter Jack.
Hi, it's Billy!
What did the dog say after a long day of work?
That was ruff.
Billy immediately hangs up.
Billy gets a call on his Jupiter Jack.
Hi, it's Billy!
Hi, it's Billy!
Introducing the New Craptop that isn't sentient at all, from me, Billy Mays!
What the actual fuck?
Hello? Did I get a new signal?
You aren't Billy! I am Billy!
No! I am Billy! I died long ago and I'm now in Super Heaven, selling pointless products!
No, fuck you! I am the real Billy!
Yeah, dude from the radio, you sound like an imposter.
sus{w=0.25}{nw}
And you sound like that one guy who I sold a laptop to from his old ass TV!
No clue what are you talking about.
Billy turns off the Jupiter Jack for a while.
Who called asking for you earlier, Arc?
No clue.
Huh.
Man, we should have a podcast or something.
No, no we shouldn't.
What do you mean? We're just chatting right now and I think it's pretty funny!
You only think it's funny because we're the ones talking.
Every group of idiot friends thinks their funny enough to have a podcast, and 99 percent of the time, they're wrong.
Yeah, I gotta agree with him on this one. I don't think anyone would find this funny.
Arceus glances at the top-right corner of the screen.
What are you looking at?
Nothing.
Arceus sniffs the air.
What do you smell, Arc?
Gas.
Oh, jeez, I hope the tank isn't leaking!
No, like, gas. Like, passed gas.
Oh, that was me.
Billy rolls down the window for a bit.
I spy with my little eye something blue.
Is it the car?
Yeah...
Let's play 20 questions!
Sure.
OK, it's an object.
Is it bigger than a breadbox?
Nope.
Um, is it useful?
Yep!
Hmm, uh, do you use it with your hands?
Yeah.
Is it... uh, frick, is it in my house?
Probably.
Is it in a drawer?
Usually?
Is it shiny?
Typically, yeah.
Is it a knife?
Nope!
Dang it, uh, is it a tool?
Yes?
OK, OK, is it in the kitchen?
Yes!
OK, so is it a fork?
Nope!
How many questions have I done?
You're halfway in.
A... spoon?
That's the one!
Welp, yay.
CS hears something from the back of the car. It sounds like the fumbling of plastic.
CS turns around.
Arceus is mumbling under his breath.
Right, up, right inverted, up inverted...
Are you... solving a Rubik's cube?
Yeah, it's a hobby of mine.
Where the fuck did you get a Rubik's cube?
Man, we've been a lot of places the last few days. I don't remember exactly where I got a Rubik's cube.
I need to learn to stop asking questions.
That you do.
Well since east is the way home, we should probably go that way.
Alright, that sounds like a good idea.
CS and Arc keep following the road for a while, until they come across a small town.
Oh my god! We found civilization again!
Thank God.
The two look around for a bit, when they see a gas station close by.
Let's head over to that gas station, so we can pick up some food.
CS and Arc head over to the convenience store at the gas station.
Finally, some good fucking food.
Donuts and chips have never tasted better.
Thank God the slushie machine was working for once.
Okay, now that we can think about something other than food, what's our plan to get home?
Yeah, I have no clue currently.
I was hoping that we could like hitchhike on a bus or something, but it might be ages until that happens... If it even DOES happen, this town is small enough as is.
I don't know, we could just, hotwire a car?
I can probably do that, let's go look.
CS and Arc approach one of the cars in front of the gas station.
Arceus smashes open the window and opens the door from the inside.
Alright, so if we connect this to this...
The car starts up.
Hell yeah! Let's go home!
All of a sudden, flashing lights and sirens show up behind them.
I heard the sound of a car window breaking from miles away!
You guys already blew it! Back to the slammer!
Why don't we just wait for someone at the gas station to come out, and then we ask them for an Uber?
CS walks over to someone's car parked in the front of the gas station.
Are you crazy? To drive all the way back to New York? In a stranger's car at that.
Besides, how are we even going to pay the guy anyways?
Well we don't have to go all the way to New York, we could go a small distance and then get another Uber.
That would be even more money in tips!
As the two are agruing, the owner of the car comes up to them.
What are you doing next to my car?
Oh, hi.
Do you think you can Uber us to New York?
Oh uhh, hold on a second.
The mysterious driver walks behind the store.
What are you doing? That man looks like he's going to kill us!
He's probably getting a gun, we need to lea--
Hi, Billy Mays here for the Uber Driver!
The fast and easy way to get people around who don't have a car!
Sweet! We need to get to upstate New York, do you think you can help us?
Absolutely! For only $19.95, I'll take you both to New York!
Alright well, it's settled! We have our driver, Arceus!
...
... What the fuck. Works for me I guess.
Hell yeah! I call shotgun!
CS and Arc get into Billy's car.
Alright so, it's just a straight shot to New York?
Yep! We are gonna head through Idaho and Montana first, so get ready to see the sights!
Yeah! It's almost like a vacation!
Well on a vacation, you usually have money to spend on all the crazy parts you see.
Let's just enjoy the ride there at least.
Fair point.
After a few hours of driving, the trio currently is located in the middle of Montana.
Arceus is sleeping, while CS peers out the window.
Are we there yet?
Nope!
Aw man...
We still got a ways to go, we aren't even a quarter of the way yet.
Alright, I'll just, keep looking at the trees pass by.
Well good news for you, there is a small town up ahead.
I was gonna buy some new supplies for my gadgets, if you guys want to pick out anything.
Sure! I love buying random things!
What about you Arceus?
Hey, Arc!
CS, you should probably leave the dog thing alone in the back.
Arceus immediately jerks straight up.
What did you just call me?
Nothing!
Here we are, at the store. I'll be back here in a few.
Same, I'll come with you.
Arceus falls back to sleep in the car.
Wow look at all this stuff!
They've got Allen wrenches, gerbil feeders, toilet seats, electric heaters{nw}
Trash compactors, juice extractor, shower rods and water meters{nw}
Walkie-talkies, copper wires, safety goggles, radial tires{nw}
BB pellets, rubber mallets, fans and dehumidifiers{nw}
Picture hangers, paper cutters, waffle irons, window shutters{nw}
Paint removers, window louvres, masking tape and plastic gutters{nw}
Kitchen faucets, folding tables, weather stripping, jumper cables{nw}
Hooks and tackle, grout and spackle, power foggers, spoons and ladles{nw}
Pesticides for fumigation, high-performance lubrication{nw}
Metal roofing, water proofing, multi-purpose insulation{nw}
Air compressors, brass connectors, wrecking chisels, smoke detectors{nw}
Tire gauges, hamster cages, thermostats and bug deflectors{nw}
Trailer hitch demagnetizers, automatic circumcisers{nw}
Tennis rackets, angle brackets, Duracells and Energizers{nw}
Soffit panels, circuit breakers, vacuum cleaners, coffee makers{nw}
Calculators, generators, matching salt and pepper shakers{nw}
and I think that's it...
Ooh! Look at all this paint!
Let's get some orange, blue, purple,
More colors, I need more colors!
You ready to go, CS?
Yep! Let's check out and keep going!
Where is the cashier in this store? I didn't see anyone...
I gotcha covered. Have a good day!
Letsgoletsgoletsgoweneedtogetoutofhere
That was quite the experience, I should've brought my Hercules Hook!
Yeah really, let's get out of here!
Huh? What's going on?
Nothing Arc, just, uh, slipped and fell in the store.
Okay whatever, I'm going back to sleep...
Billy takes off out of the parking lot.
Man, today was pretty crazy too.
Yeah, at least I got some sleep after all of it.
Speaking of which, can we find a place to rest soon?
Yeah, let's see if I can find a place to stop at.
Wait a second, what the hell?
Billy brings the car to a screeching halt.
What in the world?
Ahead lies a barricade with a bunch of strange hooded people surrounding it.
One of the members walks up to the driver's side and knocks on the window.
Billy rolls down the window.
Hi, it's Billy! What are you doing by my car?
Get out of the car.
No, it's my car!
The cultist pulls out a revolver and aims at Billy's head.
Does this like a joke to you guys?
Out of the car. Now.
Billy shrugs and opens the door, with the cultist leader still aiming the gun to his head.
You two as well, out.
CS and Arceus both step out of the car.
So, do you want to explain what is going on here?
Uhm, we were heading on past here to the next-
The cultist aims his gun at CS.
Look, I don't care where you are going.
We are part of the Blue Branch Cult, and our motto is that we hate everything.
Like, everything?
The cultist aims at Arceus.
You wanna fuck with me?
I mean. If you're offering.
The cultist looks annoyed.
I'm gonna get the rest of the gang to deal with you guys, don't fucking move.
I mean it!
Okay?
Billy goes to the back of his trunk and starts digging around.
Never thought we'd run into cultists out of all people.
CS starts digging around in the back too.
CS, what are you doing?
CS?!
Look at me! I'm purple!
CS, what the fuck are you doing...?!
You are going to definitely get us killed!
Arceus hides behind the car as the cultist leader brings two others with him.
Alright, they are over here at this car.
No way...
It's CSGod!
Praise CSGod!
Oh no! It's the one thing that we don't hate!
Huh?
I mean,
Yeah that's right it's me, CSGod.
You better leave these three alone, or I'll uh, smite you!
CSGod doesn't smite, he uses YTP mag-{w=0.5}
Don't tempt your god, I will YTP you so hard that you'll look like you came from an AwfulFawful YTP!
We need to leave! We're sorry!
Billy comes up behind CS with one of his gadgets.
Fire a laser! Fire a laser!
Massive laser shots land between the cultists as they scramble away!
I don't wanna turn into a YTP! Go guys go!
The cultists disappear into the forest.
That's the power of the Awesome Augement!
Hooray! I'm a god now!
CS, I don't know how you pull this stuff off.
Am I still sleeping?
Arceus pinches himself.
Fuck.
How many divine beings and reality benders do we have in this universe anyhow?
Alright, back on the road to New York!
The gang gets back in the car and books it out of the forest.
After a while of driving, Billy pulls the car into a small area off the forest to let everyone rest.
After the night passes, they set off again on their trip.
Can we stop somewhere to eat? We haven't eaten since yesterday.
Yeah unfortunately the one store you guys went to didn't have anything edible.
Sure yeah, there's a McDonald's up here in a couple miles.
Billy pulls up through the drive-thru to place his order.
Hello, what you like to order?
Hi, Billy Mays here! I would like to get the Buy 1 Get 1 Free breakfast meal for my friends here,
and I would also like to get the egg McMuffin and a Big Mac for me.
Sure thing, that'll be-{nw}
But I'm not done yet! I would like to triple the offer and get 3 Big Macs, and also 3 large sodas without any shipping!
Uhh, yeah, we can do that without shipping.
That'll be about, let's see...
$36.88.
Wow! What a deal! I'm coming around to pick up my order!
Billy drives through and picks up his meal.
CS and Arc happily chow down on the Mickey D's they just got.
Thank God for that.
I have never been so excited to get a Big Mac.
Billy heads out on the open road again, as they enter the state of South Dakota.
Welcome to the Great Plains.
Woohoo!
I don't think you should be super excited, there is like, nothing here.
Oh yeah, we don't even have trees to look at anymore.
Is there anything to do in this state?
There's Mount Rushmore, I guess there's Wall Dr-{w=0.5}
Oh hell yeah! Let's go to Mount Rushmore!
In about an hour, the crew arrives at Mount Rushmore.
They all hike up to the viewing spot to get a good look of the founding fathers.
Wow, to think that we won a war without the Gopher.
How did they even communicate without the Jupiter Jack?
It'd be cool if I had my face carved out into a mountain. Wouldn't that be cool, CS?
Arceus looks over at CS concentrating on something really hard.
CS? Are you okay?
As Arceus starts to approach CS, the groups surrounding them all gasp loudly.
Huh?
There we go! Fixed!
Arceus looks back at Mount Rushmore, now with CS, Arceus, and Billy's face on the mountain.
You scare me, CS. I don't even like, want to question how or why.
{size=-12}I do look pretty cool though.
The gang gets back in the car before the overwelming groups of people engulf the site after what just happened.
They continue to drive through the massive and empty plains of South Dakota.
By the time they reach Sioux City, it is already evening.
There really is nothing out here, is there?
Nope. I don't get how people can even live here.
We're like halfway through the Midwest, we've only got a couple states left to travel before we are in the heartland.
Billy follows the Missouri River down until they hit Omaha.
The gang finally hits Omaha, right before it hits nighttime.
This is the biggest city here? This is pretty small.
It looks very quaint, hopefully we can find a place to stop here.
I have no damn clue where to go here.
Let's get out and look for somewhere to eat.
They all get out and start roaming the streets.
Suddenly, CS hears a voice behind him.
CS? Is that you?
Huh?
CS turns around and sees a wacky...{w=0.5} thing, with a tophat on.
Yeah hey, it {i}is{/i} you!
Arceus, you too? And, Billy... Mays?
Hi, it's Billy!
Hey, Pakoo.
Yeah! I haven't seen you in a while, I never thought you'd live in this place!
I never thought you guys would come down to Omaha, there's like, nothing here.
We've been through a lot recently, do you know somewhere we can eat and rest for the night?
Pakoo thinks for a moment.
I think I know a place.
Pakoo takes the gang over to the old market section of Omaha.
Here we are, this is probably the best location to eat at, at least that I know of.
Hey Piezanos, watcha want today?
Hey Peppino, can you get me and my friends the Gustavo special today?
Sure-a thing-a! Coming right up!
Also, do you think my friends here can be spend the night? They don't have anywhere to sleep tonight.
The room in the back should be fine, Mr. Stick is out right now, so they can bunk there.
Alright, epic.
Peppino serves the group their pizza.
Damn, this is some good pizza!
Probably some of the best pizza I've ever had.
Better than my restaurant mini-burgers!
Alright well, I should get going, but I hope y'all have a good time doing whatever y'all doing.
Yep! Take care, Pakoo!
The gang goes into the backroom area and sleeps for the night.
Once they wake up, they thank Peppino for his hospitality and head out.
They get back in car and continue into Iowa.
Alright well, ever since that cult encounter, it's been pretty smooth sailing!
The rest of this trip shouldn't be too long!
As if on cue, a strange sound is heard over the car.
CS looks out the window.
You have to be kidding me!
What's going on?
HoH SiS is back!
WHAT?!
Who?
They have their UFO and--
A huge laser beam blasts on the left side of the road, ripping up everything in it's path!
Shit, this is bad...
Billy, you need to switch lanes when it charges up!
Holy shit! We made it!
That was some good driving Billy!
That's the power of the 6000 pound car!
They continue driving through the end of the Midwest.
As they are drving through Illinois, they pass by Chicago.
One day, I'm gonna rule that place.
What are you... talking about?
It's better than ruling the Earth.
Get some sleep, Arc.
The gang stops in Indiana for the night, and takes off in the morning through Michigan.
After that fiasco, they travel through Ohio.
Suddenly, a huge blue border enters everyone's vision.
Oh what in the world? There is some red border in my eyes...
I have a blue one, what is going on?
Yeah, it's blue for me too, I think you are colorblind.
I AM colorblind. Oh fuck.
As they are driving through the state, they see some men on the side of road protesting about the blue border.
Hey all, Scott here!
Are you tired of having a blue border in your vision?
You should try Kaboom!
Scott pulls out a bottle of Kaboom and sprays them in the face.
Ahhhhh!
It gets the tough stains out!
I'm sorry that doesn't seem very vegan, I'll have to just deal with it.
Scott, I don't think that'll work, let's just keep going.
Once they leave the state, the border goes away.
I'm glad it just faded away, I did not want to spray cleaner in my eyes.
After that fiasco, they travel through Ohio.
Suddenly, a huge blue border enters everyone's vision.
Oh what in the world? There is some red border in my eyes...
I have a blue one, what is going on?
Yeah, it's blue for me too, I think you are colorblind.
I AM colorblind. Oh fuck.
As they are driving through the state, they see some men on the side of road protesting about the blue border.
Hi, it's Billy!
Are you tired of having a blue border in your vision?
You should try Kaboom!
Billy pulls out a bottle of Kaboom and sprays them in the face.
Ahhhhh!
It gets the tough stains out!
I'm sorry that doesn't seem very vegan, I'll have to just deal with it.
Billy, I don't think that'll work, let's just keep going.
Once they leave the state, the border goes away.
I'm glad it just faded away, I did not want to spray cleaner in my eyes.
The gang hits the last state before New York, Pennsylvania.
CS sees a billboard pass by them.
Oh my god! It's PencilCon! We need to go!
Why the fuck do you want to go to PENCILCON when we are so close to home?!
Because I love sharpening pencils! I made my own holiday around it! Please, Billy, can we go to PencilCon?
If Arceus is okay with it, sure, I guess.
C'mon, Arceus!
Ugh...
Please?
Fine, sure, whatever.
Yippee! Let's go!
After about twenty minutes, the gang arrives at PencilCon.
They get out of the car and head inside.
Oh my gosh, I'm so excited! Everything is pencil-themed!
This is... some place.
Do people really like pencils that much? Maybe I should've pitched more pencil products.
A man dressed as a pencil approaches the gang.
Welcome to PencilCon! Want a free pencil?
Uh, sure?
Here you go!
The pencil-clad man passes out a free pencil to each of them.
Enjoy your stay!
And, oh yeah! The 84th annual Pencil Sharpening Competition signups close in just a little bit, if you wanted to sign up!
The pencil man looks at CS.
You look like the kinda guy that could win a competition like that. And boy howdy Dixon do we need it, the current champion hasn't been bested in five years!
The pencil walks away.
A pencil sharpening competition?
CS sees visions of an old video in his head.
I could totally crush that! I gotta sign up!
CS, come on man, I wanna get to your house so I can-
CS walked towards the convention center before Arceus could finish speaking.
Listen, let the guy have fun. You two have been through a lot, right?
I suppose, I just...
Arceus thinks for a moment.
Fuck, I have been kind of a jerk during this whole road trip. Maybe I do need to let go.
That's the spirit! Now go cheer on your friend!
I will! Thanks, Billy!
Any time!
Arceus runs off to where CS went.
Now, that's the power of good advice!
Arc catches up with CS, at the sign up table.
...and you said your last name is... 188?
Yeah, this confuses everyone.
Oh, hey Arc! Whatcha doing?
Just came to support my friend.
Aw, thanks man.
OK, that's you all registered. Fuzzy guy, you signing up too?
Nah, I feel like that would be basically cheating.
OK, well I have to go to the backstage and get set up. See you soon, Arc!
CS walks to the backstage to prepare to compete, when he notices a familiar face.
Wait, Digi?!
CS?!
What are you doing here?
I always compete in the Pencil Sharpening Competition! I was inspired after that video of yours.
Oh wow, really? Thank you, I guess!
Do you think we'll be up against each other?
I mean, probably, I'm the champ.
You?!
Five years running.
Oh jeez, I guess we will be against each other, if I make it that far.
Well, good luck to you!
You as well!
After a grueling competition, CS climbs his way up to the top of the bracket!
Well, I've made it this far. I guess it's just me versus Digi now...
Digi steps up to the stage.
Digi goes to shake CS' hand.
CS grabs Digi's hand.
Well, good luc--
Digi's hand grips CS stronger than a human could possibly grip.
Yow!
Oops, sorry, let me just...
Digi pokes a panel on his arm.
Sorry about that, arm must have been on the wrong setting.
CS thinks to himself.
{i}Shoot, I forgot Digi is a cyborg! How am I going to have any shot at beating him?{/i}
{i}I'm just going to have to try my hardest!{/i}
WELCOME, FOLKS!
EVERYONE GIVE A BIG HAND TO OUR WONDERFUL CONTESTANTS!
The crowd explodes into uproarious applause.
ON 'GO!', THESE LOVLIES WILL BE COMPETING TO SEE WHO CAN {color=#ffff00}SHARPEN THE MOST PENCILS!
THIS TRULY IS THE BATTLE OF A CENTURY FOLKS! DIGIDUNCAN, OUR LONG TIME CHAMP, GOES UP AGAINST A NEWCOMER, THE AMAZING CS188!
The crowd is going wild.
ALL THEY HAVE TO DO IS {color=#ffff00}SHARPEN THE PENCILS AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE,{/color} WITHOUT {color=#ffff00}GETTING THE ERASER STUCK!
IT'S A TRULY MAGICAL EVENT, AND YOU'RE ALL ABOUT TO WITNESS IT! ARE YOU ALL READY?
The crowd is going absolutely crazy.
AND WITH THAT, LET'S BEGIN! READY?
CS glances over at Digi, and they nod at each other.
3...
Digi looks to be smacking his arm.
A whirr is heard as Digi's arm motors charge up.
2...
CS concentrates, his hands ready to sharpen like his life depends on it.
1...
Both competitors hover their hands over the pencils...
GO!
HOLY TICONDEROGA! WE HAVE A WINNER!
As if they couldn't get any louder, the crowd is going insane.
THE CHAMP HAS FALLEN! LADIES AND GENTS, WHAT AN UPSET!
CS turns to Digi.
Good game!
Same to you man, that was wild!
I don't know how I beat you, honestly.
Noticable smoke is coming out of Digi's arm.
You good, Digi? Your arm is kinda...
Digi looks at his arm.
Oh shi-- {w=0.5}uh, I'll be back.
Digi runs off.
Arc runs on stage.
Holy shit, CS, you did it! That was amazing!
Thank you! I don't even know what I won!
YOU'VE WON... {w=0.5}A BRAND NEW...
Computer? Television? Car?!
... {w=0.5}{color=#ffff00}PENCIL SHARPENER!
I should have seen that coming.
Well that was a lot of excitement for one day, let's head home.
Though he was working harder to support CS, Arceus couldn't help but look relieved to be back on track.
Absolutely.
Let's get back in my car!
Digi runs up to the group.
Hey, uh, can I get a ride?
Huh?
Well, my arm got hacked, or something, so I lost.
Heh.
Usually, they'd pay for my train home, but I uh, lost.
Ooh, right.
Billy, we got room for one more?
Billy looks at Digi.
He and Arc are both pretty small, I think they'll fit in the back just fine.
Hey!
Well, Digi, you got a ride!
Thanks so much, man!
After the long and treacherous journey, CS finally arrives at his house.
We made it back to your house, CS!
Finally I'm home...
Arceus, thank you so much for everything on this trip. I couldn't have done it without you.
Aw, it was nice helping ya here.
You too, Billy.
No problem!
Well, I guess I should get some rest.
If you guys want, we can have a party at my place tomorrow to celebrate all the shit we went through!
Hell yeah!
As CS was saying bye to his friends, a familiar but upsetting voice can be heard at the front of CS' house.
YOU!
CS and the gang look forth at CS' front porch, where Richard and Ed are waiting angrily for him.
I have been waiting for you for quite some time now.
We've been trying to stop you for a while now, but this is final stop for you.
HoH SiS?? What do you guys still want from me?
What do you think, CS? After you put Wesley in the hospital? After you crippled most of our workers?
Well, you guys scammed me out of my money and broke my computer! Of course I wanted some kind of revenge!
Why do you think this all started?
I--{w=0.5} I don't know, because you're evil?
CS, you put our company to shame long ago.
When you made that parody video of us that you call a "YTP", people wouldn't stop harrassing us about it.
You tried to humiliate us with your videos, with others thinking we were a joke.
You see, my ancestors came from the planet JoJ many years ago to live here and start a foundation company.
It was the best damn foundation company in the world.
We repaired more than 50% of all foundations on the planet, and now... you.
You. You embarrassed us with those silly, stupid, videos that dragged our family company through the mud.
That's why Ed wanted to get revenge on you. That's why we destroyed your computer, CS.
I don't understand...
I never intended to harm your company, I just thought that the video was a good source to YTP.
I'm sorry about all those prank callers, I even made a video telling people to stop prank calling you.
I never had bad intentions for you guys... honestly it was also kind of like a free promotion.
Well, I'm sorry CS, but it's too late.
Richard, get the JoJ UFO and vaporize the house.
Wait!!!
A voice can be heard behind the group running up to them.
Anno?
You guys can't just destroy CS' house!
Why not?
I don't know, because...
CS wasn't trying to harm you!
Yeah, CS' videos are hilarious, and honestly if I knew you guys before this I would've called you up for help on my house.
If y'know, I didn't go after that one politican.
Well okay, but--
Even more of CS' friends show up at the scene.
Yeah, I loved those videos about HoH SiS, and we'd love for you to come up fix up some of the damages at the LTT offices.
What damages?
Y'know, when Linus ran his car into the back of the building?
Finally, something that wasn't my fault.
If I get my chocolate cake, you fellows at HoH SiS can fix up my house too.
I can help too, with the power of Flex Tape!
I don't know what I'm doing here, but yeah, good job guys!
Yeah! Go CS!
I'm important too, eh!
Wow, I don't know how you all got here coincidently, but I appreciate it!
Oh my god, that's so many people!
Okay okay, I get it.
We won't do anything to your house, and we are sorry for destroying your laptop.
And I'm sorry for injuring your coworkers.
Wesley is still in the hospital, so like, if you wanted to, give us some more money...
Didn't you scam me out of more money than my foundation was worth?
Oh yeah...
What {i}about{/i} my foundation as well?
Tell you what: if you can fix my foundation, I'll pay you for that, and we put this all behind us.
What do you think, Ed?
Ed ponders for a moment.
Sure. We have a deal.
Hooray!
As if the crowd couldn't get any bigger, the cops show up.
Hey CS, we finally found HoH SiS.
And it looks like you did too.
Goodjob Copguy, time to put them in the slammer!
No need guys, we worked everything out.
What?!
Are you sure?
Yep, we got everything under control.
All this for nothing...
Whatever, c'mon Copguy, let's go.
The cops get back in their car and speed off.
After all that commotion, CS finally steps up to his front door.
CS looks back out into the crowd again one more time.
This is CS...
Signing out!
The crowd errupts in cheers as CS finally enters his house.
Ah, it's good to be home again!
CS looks over at his desk, where a new computer is sitting.
CS looks at the monitor that has a sticky note that says "From LTT".
Oh my goodness, Linus got me a new PC!
There is also a note that says: "We'd love to have to work with us again virtually, just give us a call".
I'll have to make sure to call them later!
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat is overflowing with messages.
Yeah what happened to you?{w=0.25} Oh my god, CS, you're here!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
CS chuckles.
It's a long story...
Pretend there's credits here.
CS looks over at his desk, where his old computer is sitting.
Oh yeah, I forgot I actually have a computer that's not a craptop.
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat is overflowing with messages.
Yeah what happened to you?{w=0.25} Oh my god, CS, you're here!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
CS chuckles.
It's a long story...
Pretend there's credits here.
CS looks over at his desk, where a new computer is sitting.
CS looks at the monitor that has a sticky note that says "From LTT".
Oh my goodness, Linus got me a new PC!
There is also a note that says: "We'd love to have to work with us again virtually, just give us a call".
I'll have to make sure to call them later!
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat slowly comes in, confused.
Oh you're streaming?{w=0.25} I thought you were working for LTT now?{w=0.25} What happened to the YTPs?{w=0.25} Are you OK?{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
It's a long story...
Pretend there's credits here.
CS challenges HoH SiS to a fight.
I beat up all your workers and Wesley, I can take you guys down too!
Let's go!
Richard, stand back.
C'mon! Hit me!
I'm going to refund my fist into your face!
I no longer want the joj...
Time to take a shit on the house.
Yeah I actually hate you guys, and I wanted to mess with your business!
You guys suck and I hate you both!
You guys deserve to have your company in shambles!
Richard and Ed back up to their UFO.
Hey! Where are you guys going!
Come back here!
The JoJ UFO flies up over the house and vaporizes the house.
Ed flips CS off, and then flies away.
Fuck.
CS calls Copguy to come arrest HoH SiS.
Here they are! They scammed me out of my money and services!
Copguy cuffs the HoH SiS members and pulls out his walkie.
We got them, sheriff. Time to bring them to the slammer.
Welp. That was easy.
Finally, I can rest at home.
CS walks up to his house and enters.
Ah, it's good to be home again!
What a crazy day so far man.
I can't believe we had to fight all those cops! If it weren't for Tate and the gang, we'd be dead meat already.
Yeah, but hey, you held them off pretty well with that fancy gun of yours.
Yeah, that was some great marksmanship CS!
Thank you!
So now that we're on the road, and we have time to think, what is our plan?
Copguy's gonna come back, we need to think fast.
Is there anyone else we can call for help?
There are a few people, I can hit up Digi and see if he wants to help.
Ah yes, that's a good idea Arceus. I should ask Aria and Nova if they can help us.
Is there any specific location we should head to?
Where are we anyways? Like west of Montana or something?
I think so, I'll let them know to stop somewhere ahead of us, so we'll run into them.
Alright, I'll keep heading straight.
Man, I hope Tate is okay. I don't how I'm gonna explain to them later about this whole situation.
I think we're all in the same boat on that problem. I'm sure they'll all be fine.
Meanwhile, Tate's group seems to be having the time of their lives.
Woohoo! Road trip!
Man, I can't believe CS didn't tell me about all of this! This is so fun!
I know, right?
How are you holding up Kitty?
Yeah, I'm doing fine so far.
Hold up, is that CS and their gang infront of us?
Mika, blare the horn at them! Do it! It'll scare the crap outta CS!
So yeah, that's why I'm mainly worried about Tate.
Yeah, I getcha, I'm sur--{w=1.0}{nw}
JESUS!!
CS swerves all over the road after being startled.
Yep. I think they are doing just fine.
Hahahaha! Did you see that??
Oh my goodness!
Geez, I didn't think it was that bad.
Alright, that was kinda funny, but I think we should chill for a moment.
They've probably been stressed out all day long.
Anyways, how are you guys? I don't think we've properly met before.
Well, I'm Mika, and thankfully Pakoo called in time for us to arrive.
Hi, I'm Kitty. I hope Arc is doing well enough.
I'm Tate. I'm sure they are doing just fine, and it's nice to meet you all.
Now let's go kick some ass!
Alright, well it looks like Aria is gonna pick up Digi and Nova, and meet us here soon.
Wow, that was fast!
Yeah, that's crazy.
They'll meet us at some diner in approximately a few hours from now.
Alright then, that sounds good to me! I'm hungry so it'll be nice to get some food.
Yeah, same.
As a few hours pass, the DPN crew arrives at the S&P Diner, and waits to be served.
Finally, we can stretch our legs again.
Remind me what you needed me here for again? I have a set later tonight I need to prepare for!
CS is in trouble, he's being chased by the cops.
How in the world are we supposed to help with that?!
Don't worry, we can just trail them off with donuts if it gets really rough.
You sure that will really work??
Tried and tested.
CS and the gang should be passing by soon.
Shit, they probably don't know where we are located.
I'll go drive down the highway and lead them here, you guys wait back here just in case.
Shouldn't we we all go together?
Nah, just stay here in case I miss them or something. I'll be fine.
Aria, are you sure? I mean, the cops are after them.
Yeah well, like I said, I know what I'm doing. I'll be back.
They're gonna die.
As Aria is approaching CS and the gang, they screech on the breaks as they almost run into a blockade.
Cop cars surround the vicinity of the area.
Aria gets out of the car.
Ah, great. What is this now?
Sorry, but a ragtag group of criminals is heading through this way, so we need to stop them.
Ah, yeah. I understand.
I'll just go around the other way.
As Aria heads back to the car, she sneaks around and knocks the cop's heads together, knocking them out.
Ah shit! We got two men down! Arrest her!
After Aria takes care of the cops, CS and Tate's group rolls up on the other side of the blockade.
Woah, what happened here? More cops?
Yeah, they weren't too much of a problem through.
Good, the less cops, the better.
Nova and Digi are at the diner up ahead, let's get this blockade out of the way and get going.
Righty-o.
CS, Aria, and Tate clear the road, and then follow Aria up to the diner.
Meanwhile, back at the diner...
They are so dead.
Stop saying that! They are probably fine.
They should be here any moment now.
While they are talking, flashing lights shine through the diner.
Oh shit! Fuck! It's the cops!
Great Digi, see what you did?
What did I do? Huh?
Hey! We've heard that there are 2 suspects here who are helping out a criminal gang! Show yourselves!
The people in the diner start freaking out and hide under their seats.
Alright Digi, let's do this.
On it.
After the fight, the rest of the people in the diner flee the scene.
Wow, holy shit, we did it!
Welp, there goes all of my energy for the day.
I'm beat.
Hey, we just got here, are you guys okay?
Yeah, we're fine, how about you?
Yeah, I also had to fight some cops on the way to find CS.
Shit, so we need to get going, like, now, before more come.
Yeah, they won't stop coming. Let's meet up with the rest of the crew first.
Digi, Aria, and Nova all go outside to meet everyone else.
Hey guys! Are you all good?
Yeah, what about you? What is going on here?
Well uhh...
We had to escape from prison, and killed some cops.
What?! How did you--
Umm, well...
HoH SiS problems.
Ahhh.
Does this mean CS is getting cancelled?
No no, I'm not gonna get cancelled.
You killed like, at least a few people!
Yeah, but at least he didn't, like, sell feet pics.
Or say the N-word.
Oh, yeah, that clears up everything...
But the cops still don't like that we downed multiple units, so we should get moving about now.
Yeah, alright everyone, back on the road!
Everyone follow me, and we will eventually find a safe spot away from the cops!
Roger that.
Everyone gets back into their cars, and they take off in a convoy, hoping to end this madness soon.
In CS' group, the gang decides what they can do to get away from the cops.
I really don't have an idea of where to go, I'm just driving in a straight line.
I would try to jam their signals, but I don't know where they are.
I haven't seen Copguy since we've fought him.
Well, if he does come back, we'll be ready for him.
I hope, but at the same time I don't want to think about running into him again.
I can't go back to prison, that shit was scary.
You're telling me.
I wonder how the others are doing...
Man, I wanna fight something!
Yeah, what the hell! Where is this Copguy dude at?
What if he's preparing defenses to ambush us?
We'll destroy anything that comes our way, don't worry.
Hell yeah, screw that Copguy dude! He just ran away at the last second when we first fought him!
We definitely got this don't worry.
I wonder how those new guys are handling the situation...
I can't believe CS went to jail.
Arceus was in jail for 5 years, Digi.
Yeah I know, but that's an Arceus thing to do.
Is it?? That's kinda concerning.
No, I meant like, he knows what he's doing.
Clearly not, if he ended up in jail!
Aria laughs.
Look, here's the thing, right? I'm just shaken up a bit still after Arceus and Pakoo called us, explaining that they needed help quickly.
And then we fought and killed cops!
Least insane DPN activity.
Aria, please. I'm legitimately worried about CS.
They'll be fine, I'm sure this will be over soon.
Man, I just really hope so.
Well, should we find somewhere to stop for the night? We've been going for a while.
Holy shit! Stop CS!
As CS looks ahead, he screeches on the breaks just in time.
Barbed wire, soldiers, and military trucks block the highway, with Copguy standing in the front of it all.
This can't be good.
The groups behind CS stop as well, as everyone gets out of their cars and approaches Copguy.
Well? What do you think CS? You ready to go back to jail?
Never!
Oh really? Because I just called the national guard here to help me stop you.
Yeah well, CS called me to stop you!
Yeah! Us too!
CS' friends start yelling, as the national guard men ready their weapons.
I see, you wanted to do this the hard way...
Well, you're gonna find out why you never pick the hard way!
Soldiers! Attack!
After CS and the group manage to push back the national guard, Copguy once again flees at the last moment.
Hey! You get back here damnit!
Guys let's chase after him!
CS, we need a minute. We just fought a tank.
No time for that! We need to stop him now!
CS, I'm sorry, we need to wait.
We're never gonna catch up with him at this point anyways...
Fuck! I can't believe this!
He keeps running away like a wimp!
CS, you gotta calm down, we can-- 
Calm down? CALM DOWN?
Do you know what we just fought through?
He's just gonna keep building up stronger units for us to attack, and then run away if we beat him!
We need to head out now!
CS goes to the debris from the battle, desperately trying to move it out of the way.
Guys, cmon, please! We have... to... hnngg...
Woah, CS? What are you doing?
All of a sudden, the debris starts moving on it's own!
Woah, what's going on?
Can you guys please help--
Wait, what the hell?! Did I move all of that already?
As CS is gawking at the work he just did, a purple figure appears in front of CS.
You're welcome.
Woah, hey! Are you CSGod?
Indeed I am. You've seemed to channel my power through sheer willpower.
Holy crap, does that mean I can use YTP Magic?
In theory, yes. Although you should take some time to rest.
Don't beat yourself up over Copguy, you'll be able to beat him down next time, if you calm down and focus.
I'm gonna let you go for now. Copguy is planning his most devious attack yet, and you need to be prepared.
I see, well, thank you for that CSGod!
No problem.
CSGod fades away, and CS turns back to the group.
CS, you okay? You were just staring up at the sky and talking to yourself about magic or something.
I'm all good, don't worry.
Sorry I got upset, I just need to relax.
Arc, you drive, I'm gonna lie down in the backseat.
You need, anything else?
I'm good, just some rest.
CS heads into the backseat of the car and lies down.
Alright well, what's the plan? CS is technically right, we need to go track down Copguy somehow.
I managed to put a tracking device on Copguy's car in the heat of the battle.
I'll be following him, and I'll update you guys about what's going on.
Roger.
Alright, let's go kick Copguy's ass!
The crew gets in their respective cars, and they take off.
While they are driving, Arceus notices that copguy starts ludicrously speeding up until he stops in Illinois.
Guys, I think I found out where Copguy is headed.
He's stopped in Chicago.
Ah shoot.
I'm gonna ping everyone in CSCord, and see if anyone else is able to help us out.
We're gonna need it.
So I guess this is my night. I really need to catch up with music stuff when I get home.
Guys, I'm concerned that CS might actually be going insane.
Digi, you didn't know that from the start?
Did you see him? He was just, talking to the sky!
Yeah? Well let a man talk to the sky!
But he was absolutely going insane!
Digi, you gotta learn that the spectrum hits different for everyone.
I went to the Dollar Tree a couple days ago, and was picking up some of those off-brand snacks.
I feel like only a few off-brands can taste well, but there are a few I just can't eat.
Like which ones?
Usually the off-brand Cheez-its, but I really don't like the off-brand goldfish either.
Not the gold whales! I love those!
Well, I just don't like them too much.
The snack that breaks your back: Gold Whales!
They all laugh.
Alright, we are here.
So, who is joining us to help fight Copguy?
Let's go take a look.
The groups all get out of their cars and meet up with one another.
The last group to meet up all emerge as well, who are:
Hi!
Yo.
Oh hai.
Db05 isn't here yet, he's been busy.
He'll be here soon though, we've been talking to him on the phone.
Anno holds out his phone.
Hey guys! Sorry I'm gonna miss out on the huge battle thing, I had to do some things at home first.
But I'll gladly encourage you while you all are fighting!
No problem DB! Every little bit helps!
Well, are you guys ready to do this?
Hell yeah! Let's go put Copguy through the slammer!
Why don't we try going south?
Alright, what's your plan? Where are we going exactly?
I've always kinda wanted to go down to Vegas, we could have a ton of fun down there!
Don't you want to go back home?
Listen, we are free again and in the middle of nowhere. If we can find a way to make a bit of cash and get a car, maybe we can make it big!
This sounds like an awful idea.
Eh, fuck it. What do I have to lose at this point? Let's go!
Hell yeah!
CS and Arc keep following the road for a while, until they come across a small town.
Oh my god! We found civilization again!
Thank God.
The two look around for a bit, when they see a gas station close by.
Let's head over to that gas station, so we can pick up something to eat.
CS and Arc head over to the convenience store at the gas station.
Finally, some good fucking food.
Donuts and chips have never tasted better.
Thank God the slushie machine was working for once.
After they finish their food, they start to plan their epic journey to Vegas.
Okay so, how do we get down to Nevada? That's quite a distance.
We could use those bikes over there?
Nah, that's too much effort.
How about...
Hold on. I got an idea.
See those pieces on the ground?
What pieces?
CS quickly starts grabbing material from thin air and puts together a new car.
Ta dah!
HOW DID YOU DO THAT!?
Look, I'm a master builder. You wouldn't understand.
Well... does the car even work?
Only one way to find out!
Once they get into the car, CS starts it up.
Woohoo! Vegas Time!
I don't even know how you do these things man, but let's go!
The duo head out to Vegas, or where they presume Vegas is.
After many hours of driving, it starts to turn night time again.
Are you sure we're close to Vegas?
We have to be! Nevada is like right below Washington!
Well, there is a state sign coming up, let's see if you're right.
As they approach the sign, it reads "Welcome to UTAJ, Life Elevated".
Welp. You tried.
I could've sworn we were going the right way.
Did you ever see a sign that said "Las Vegas - in how ever many miles"?
No...?
Oh well. At least we know where we are now.
Tomorrow, we'll head to Vegas.
Let's find somewhere to eat before we hit the hay tonight.
They continue driving for a bit until they come across a small town.
As they approach the sign, it reads "Welcome to UTAH, Life Elevated".
Welp. You tried.
I could've sworn we were going the right way.
Did you ever see a sign that said "Las Vegas - in how ever many miles"?
No...?
Oh well. At least we know where we are now.
Tomorrow, we'll head to Vegas.
Let's find somewhere to eat before we hit the hay tonight.
They continue driving for a bit until they come across a small town.
Alright, let's start looking for a place.
We got like Joe's Diner over there, there's a Casey's...
Grilled Mormons? Ewww!
There's uhh... The Soup Store?
Nah, that's a clothing store.
Oh weird.
Wait hold up! I think I see a pizza place!
Man, pizza does sound good right about now.
Woah what? It's a Lego pizza place?
We're going there. Right now.
CS pulls into the parking lot of the restaurant.
I've never seen this before!
Lego NXT Entertainment? They must have those robotic Lego things inside!
Arceus looks worried.
Are you sure about this, CS? This place gives me the creeps.
This is my dream place to eat at. We NEED to see if we can get in.
They approach the front door, and the sign on front of it says the place is closed.
Dang, that suuuuuure sucks. We can leave now right?
CS pushes the door open.
The door isn't locked! We can go in!
Oh great. Yippee!
As CS and Arc walk in, they are greeted with a musty aroma and a dimly lit party room.
CS walks around in awe, as Arceus creeps behind him.
Ahhh!! FUCK!
Please CS, can we NOT go to the one place with a BEE?
No? It's just a plushie...
Anyways...
Wow, a Lego-themed pizza restaurant. This place looks like it was built out of Lego too!
Woah Arc, look at those big Minifigure statues!
Up in the front of the room, 4 human-scale Lego minifigures stand up on a stage.
CS goes up and stands next to them.
Arceus, do you have a camera? You should take a picture of me!
No, why would I have a camera? Also you probably shouldn't be up there!
Weren't we gonna get some pizza?
Do they even have pizza here? I can smell it, but it doesn't look like anyone's here.
I see it in the back by the counter!
CS hops off stage and runs over to the serving counter.
A couple boxes of freshly-baked pizza are sitting there.
It's hot too... who made this?
The cook who works here, duh!
The place was closed, CS.
Well then, why would the cook in the back be making pizzas?
Because there is- whatever, let's just find a place to sit down and eat.
And not out here, I don't wanna look at those creepy minifigures.
Fine...
CS and Arc head down the hallway next to the kitchen area, until the find a small office in the back.
Perfect. Let's eat in here, then we get back in the car.
Aww, I wanted to spend the night here!
No fucking way dude.
CS notices a Lego RC car sitting on the desk with a controller.
Ah sweet! I used to have one of these!
As CS turns it on, the TV screen next to them turns on aswell, and shows live footage from the Lego car.
Hey look at that! We can see where the car goes!
While we eat, I'm gonna take the car around the restaurant and see if we can find anything cool.
Alright, just don't break it.
CS drives the car outside of the office, and starts going into different rooms.
This already feels like a cool vacation. I'm glad we managed to find this.
Well, at least you're happy.
Weren't there supposed to be robotic Legos though? I was looking forward to tha- Heyyy!!!
What? What's going on?
The Minifigures! One of them is gone!
WHAT??
CS we need to get the fuck out of here now.
But I haven't finished my pizz-
I don't care, let's go!
Arceus drags CS by the arm as they run out of the office and down the hallway.
Before they make it to the door, Arceus stops dead in his tracks.
Hey! Why'd we stop?
CS looks ahead of him to see the giant Minifigure standing infront of them.
Ohh.
CS, don't move a muscle.
Why not? it's just a leg-
The Minifigure's eyes glow as it raises its arms up and starts running at CS.
HEEYYYY!!!!!
Arceus quickly drags CS out of the way at the last second.
A MAN HAS FALLEN INTO THE-
The Minifigure crashes into the wall and falls to the ground.
The other figures up ahead turn on and start moving toward Arc and CS.
RUN CS RUN!!!
They desperately run as fast as they can to the front door, and then slam the door behind them.
The Minifigures run up to the door and smash their arms and heads through.
To the car! Get in the car!
Arceus hops in the drivers seat, while CS gets in the back.
I made this car though...
Arceus starts the car, as he then takes off at lightning speed out of the parking out and back onto the road.
Thank God, I can take a breather now.
Man this sucks.
It was super cool before the Legos tried to kill us.
I think that whole restaurant was trying to kill us, CS.
Arceus drives the rest of the way until they hit Las Vegas.
After a few hours of driving, the duo sees the bright Las Vegas sign come into view.
Woohoo! We're almost there!
Some reckless gambling will probably help me forget about the horrors from that restaurant...
As they enter Las Vegas and find a place to park, they start by heading down The Strip.
Alright Arc, you ready to get rich?
I doubt we will, but hell yeah let's go!
Do you want to get something to eat first? I see a place called Pasta... Italy... something. They probably have food.
Why would we eat? We just got here and I wanna gamble!
Look over there! SlotsaFun! That looks like a cool place to start!
Alright, sure, I guess I can find something to eat there. Probably.
CS and Arc enter the casino, as it looks like chaos is unfolding in front of their faces.
Slot machines sounds fill the room, while many drunkards hobble around the establishment.
Oh god, I already feel like I have a migraine...
C'mon Arc, let's go play some slots!
CS starts looking around for a machine to sit at.
Hold on, CS, I need a minute.
A drunk lady bumps into Arc.
Huh?
I need a new trailer!
No, I'm sorry, I--
I need a new trailer!
Two guards come up to the lady and drag her towards the elevator.
Thank goodness.
I need to sit down.
As Arceus goes to find a place to relax, CS tries his luck at the slots.
C'mon, this is the one!
Bars, {w=0.5}bars, {w=0.5}football player with a hotdog?
Damnit! So close!
I haven't won anything, and I've already spent most of my money...
I wonder what Arc is up to, I haven't seen him at all.
CS gets up from the slot machine and starts to look for Arc.
CS looks around for a while, but he can't find him.
Arceus! Hello?
Where did he go?
Maybe he went to the table games, I'll go check over there.
CS heads over to the table games section, and starts looking for Arc.
Arceus, are you around here?
I've checked all the tables, and I still can't find him!
Maybe I should leave, he might've went to that restaurant or whatever it was.
Hey you!
Huh? Me?
CS notices a fancy man smoking a cigar waving at him.
Yeah, you! Come over to the Poker tabeh! *coughs* I bet I can beat you!
I guess this is my last chance to make it big. It's worth a shot.
Alright, sure, I'll play a round. But I don't have much.
Arright great, come sit down here.
CS sits down at the poker table, and notices that the man's skin is putrid green.
CS looks disgusted, but shrugs as he doesn't want to start trouble now.
Deal us some cards arready!
The dealer deals the cards out to Mr. Green and CS.
Hahahaha! I can tell this one's a winner!
CS looks at his cards, he's got an ace of spades and a king of spades.
The dealer lies down a nine of hearts, an eight of clubs, and a queen of spades.
Arright! I'm puttin one million in!
One MILLION?
Heheh, is that all you got?
CS ponders for a moment, wondering if he should risk it all.
No. I'll stand.
Bwahahaha! You think you can beat me?
The dealer draws a ten of spades.
Ten million! You're bluffing, I can see through you!
I'm still gonna stand.
I'm gonna be rich! You better have that money on you, boy!
The dealer draws a jack of spades.
100 million! You better drop out *coughs* rrright now!
Yeah, I'm out. I can't risk that much.
Hahahaha! That's what I thought bucko!
Now scram!
CS sulks back to the lobby.
Damn, I really thought I was gonna win something!
This wasn't as cool as I thought, I guess I should go find Arc.
I wonder where he went...
CS goes around to look for Arc.
Meanwhile, Arc has been trying to win it big, but in a different kind of way...
Come on, I'm almost there...
Fuck!
God damnit!
You broke dick piece of shit drill!
Hell yeah!
Look at all this loot! CS is gonna be so surprised...
While Arceus is looting the casino, CS continues to search for Arc.
Hello? Arceus?
Not in the bathroom...
Maybe he went to the car?
I guess I should go check, I'm kinda tired of this place anyways.
CS heads out to the parking lot, to find Arceus by the car.
Hey! There you are! Where were you?
I was getting us the motherlode!
Arceus opens a body bag, revealing stacks of gold, bills, and jewels.
WHATT?? How did you win that much??
You think I won this? Haha no, I just broke open their safe!
Arceus! That's stealing!
Yeah, and the casino steals from us. Slots are rigged, man.
Yeah I guess your right, oh well.
Did anyone notice?
Nope! I 100% stealthed that!
Well damn, sweet! Thank you so much Arceus!
We are millionaires now!
Yeah! We can do whatever you wanna do now!
What would you like to do CS?
Still standing.
What!? You son of a bitch, you are so scrrewed!
Alright, let's see your hands.
Mr. Green and CS put their cards down.
CS and Mr. Green both have a royal flush with ace and king of spades.
What? That can't be right!
You cheated!
Hehehe, it doesn't matter becasue I'm gonna take all the money anyways!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!{nw}
Hey guys!
What in the world???
I just found this cool shiny metal in the back, but it didn't taste very good.
Here, have it waiter dude!
Cya later!
Well then!
Awesome, I guess!
Time to show Arc!
CS continues to look for Arc.
Arc? Where are you?
Maybe he went to the bathroom?
CS finds the bathroom, to see Arceus with his head up against the mirror.
Hey, Arc! There you are! Are you okay?
My head hurts so bad...
I think I'm gonna head back to the car...
Alright, I'm ready to leave too, because we just won a ton of money!
Wh... what?? Are you just trying to make me feel better?
No joke! Look, let's head out to the car!
Alright...
Hey Arc, how you feeling?
I do feel better now, yeah.
I think it was just too much sensory overload for me.
Well that's good to hear.
What's also good to hear is that we are rich as hell!
CS opens the case to reveal loads of gold bars and diamonds.
Holy shit! We're loaded!
I can't believe I missed your big win.
Oh yeah, I don't really know what happened. Some blue kid gave this to me.
Oh, that's weird as hell.
Yeah, but it's legit though! So I'm not complaining.
CS has a royal flush with his ace and king of spades, while Mr. Green had a seven of hearts and a ten of clubs.
Mr. Green pukes all over the table and falls over backwards, passing out.
Woohoo! I won!
Congratulations, sir, you just won 100 million dollars!
Yay! I can pay for my Creative Cloud without donations!
CS jumps into the air and cheers.
Finally! Me and Arc can buy whatever we want! I need to let him know!
Before CS runs off to find Arc, the owner of the casino approaches CS.
Well, look who we have here!
You beat my highest roller! How'd you do that?
Uhh, I dunno.
Well, congrats on your victory!
I'll go get the money for you, and Mr. Green is gonna have to pay up to me now.
Alright, I'm gonna go find my friend real quick.
Sure thing, meet me back by the employee access area.
CS continues to look for Arc.
Arc? Where are you?
Maybe he went to the bathroom?
CS finds the bathroom, to see Arceus with his head up against the mirror.
Hey, Arc! There you are! Are you okay?
My head hurts so bad...
I think I'm gonna head back to the car...
Alright, I'm ready to leave too, because we just won 100 million dollars!
Wh... what?? Are you just trying to make me feel better?
No joke! Look, head out to the car, and I'll meet you there!
Alright...
Arceus stumbles out back into the casino, while CS goes to collect his money.
CS meets Jerma in the employee backroom.
Jerma is waiting with a briefcase.
Here he is! The man of the hour!
I honestly didn't think I was gonna win, I would've been in massive debt if I lost.
Well good thing you won, because Mr. Green is in massive debt to us right now.
Believe me, we've had a lot of money problems recently with Mr. Green, we've had to have him steal from our rival, Pasta Italiano.
Yikes, that sounds shitty.
Welp, I wish you the best of luck, Mr. Jerma!
After CS collects his winnings, he finds his way back to the car.
Hey Arc, how you feeling?
I do feel better now, yeah.
I think it was just too much sensory overload for me.
Well that's good to hear.
What's also good to hear is that we are rich as hell!
CS opens the case to reveal loads of gold bars and diamonds.
Holy shit! We're loaded!
I can't believe I missed your big win.
Oh yeah, it was kinda funny. The man I won against puked and fell over.
Hahaha, I would've too if I lost that much money.
Yeah, that's true.
Alright well, what's the plan now? We have so much money, we can do almost anything with it!
We should head back home now. I have a plan for our newfound riches.
Alright! I'm excited to see what you got cooking up!
Let's get going!
CS drives to the airport nearby Las Vegas.
CS and Arc pack up any belongings they have, and head inside to the terminal.
What a crazy trip, that was really fun, Arc!
Yeah, even though I was traumatized at the pizza place, I had a lot of fun.
Welp, let's go catch our plane!
CS and Arc put their belongings on the conveyor and walk through the scanner.
The scanner goes off when the briefcase goes through the metal detector.
Huh?
We're gonna have to check this case.
The TSA agent opens up the briefcase, revealing all the riches from the casino.
Oh yeah, the winnings.
The TSA agent looks through the case, and finds a signed document from Jerma clarifying the legality of the money.
Alright, you guys are good to go.
Phew! That was scary. I didn't even know that was in there!
Arc and CS collect their items again and get on the plane.
They go and sit down somewhere near the back of the plane.
I want the window seat!
Alright fine, can you hold on to the briefcase though? We can't have anyone steal this.
Yeah, okay.
But I'm not holding it the whole time!
The plane takes off, and CS falls asleep.
Hey, have you ever flown before?
Zzzz...
I guess he has.
That or he's just really tired. I don't blame him.
I hate flying though, and I can't stop thinking about being in a flying metal tube.
It'll be over soon enough.
After a few hours, the plane arrives in New York.
CS and Arc get out of the plane and relax in the waiting area.
Woohoo! We are almost home!
Thank goodness, I'm out of the plane.
Also I just realized something, CS.
Hmm?
We still gotta drive you home.
Oooooh... did {i}not{/i} think of that.
Fuck.
Yeah, the walk there would take hours.
Shit, uhh, what are our other options?
Need a ride? I'll take you to any destination for only $19.95!
Welp, CS, we found our other option!
Arceus opens the briefcase and gives Billy a gold bar.
You think this will do the job?
Wow! You should save your money!
We've got plenty more where that came from. You can keep it.
That's cash in the trash!
Well then! Where are we going?
CS tells Billy his address, and they go down to the parking lot and start heading home.
We should head back home now. I have a plan for our newfound riches.
Alright! I'm excited to see what you got cooking up!
Let's get going!
CS drives to the airport nearby Las Vegas.
CS and Arc pack up any belongings they have, and head inside to the terminal.
What a crazy trip, that was really fun Arc.
Yeah, even though I was traumatized at the pizza place, I had a lot of fun.
Welp, let's go catch our plane!
CS and Arc put their belongings on the conveyor and walk through the scanner.
The scanner goes off when the bag goes through the metal detector.
Huh?
We're gonna have to check this bag.
The TSA agent opens up the bag, revealing all the riches from the casino.
Oh yeah. Shit.
The TSA agent looks through the case, realizing it's not marked and it's stolen.
This is stolen property! We are confiscating this and you guys have to go!
Aw man!
Welp, time to do it all over again.
Huh?
Arc shoots finger guns at CS.
Andd....
After the long and exciting journey, CS finally arrives at his house.
We made it back to your house, CS!
Finally I'm home...
Arceus, thank you so much for everything on this trip. I couldn't have done it without you.
Aw, it was nice helping ya here.
You too, Billy.
No problem!
Well, I guess I should get some rest.
If you guys want, we can have a party at my place tomorrow to celebrate all the shit we went through!
Hell yeah!
As CS was saying bye to his friends, a familiar but upsetting voice can be heard at the front of CS' house.
YOU!
CS and the gang look forth at CS' front porch, where Richard and Ed are waiting angrily for him.
I have been waiting for you for quite some time now.
We've been trying to stop you for a while now, but this is final stop for you.
HoH SiS?? What do you guys still want from me?
What do you think, CS? After you put Wesley in the hospital? After you crippled most of our workers?
Well, you guys scammed me out of my money and broke my computer! Of course I wanted some kind of revenge!
Why do you think this all started?
I--{w=0.5} I don't know, because you're evil?
CS, you put our company to shame long ago.
When you made that parody video of us that you call a "YTP", people wouldn't stop harrassing us about it.
You tried to humiliate us with your videos, with others thinking we were a joke.
You see, my ancestors came from the planet JoJ many years ago to live here and start a foundation company.
It was the best damn foundation company in the world.
We repaired more than 50% of all foundations on the planet, and now... you.
You. You embarrassed us with those silly, stupid, videos that dragged our family company through the mud.
That's why Ed wanted to get revenge on you. That's why we destroyed your computer, CS.
I don't understand...
I never intended to harm your company, I just thought that the video was a good source to YTP.
I'm sorry about all those prank callers, I even made a video telling people to stop prank calling you.
I never had bad intentions for you guys... honestly it was also kind of like a free promotion.
Well, I'm sorry CS, but it's too late.
Richard, get the JoJ UFO and vaporize the house.
Woah woah, hold on a second.
I am genuinely sorry about those videos, and I am sorry if you had any business losses.
You know what? Hold on one second.
CS grabs the briefcase from Arceus and takes out a few gold bars and gives them to Ed.
Here, I hope this helps you guys a bit.
Woah, is that real gold?
Ed presses his fingernail into the bar and dents it.
Shit, yeah, this is the real deal.
I... don't know what to say. This is way more than enough.
You really sure about this? Even after we broke your laptop?
Don't worry about it. We'll go our own ways after this, and I hope you guys will continue to prosper in the business world!
Thank you so much!
Alright, let's get going now.
As long as you leave our company alone, we'll leave you alone from now on.
Good luck to you as well.
Ed and Richard go back to their JoJ UFO and take off.
CS walks up to his front door.
Ah, it's good to be home again!
CS looks over at his desk, where a new computer is sitting.
CS looks at the monitor that has a sticky note that says "From LTT".
Oh my goodness, Linus got me a new PC!
There is also a note that says: "We'd love to have to work with us again virtually, just give us a call".
I'll have to make sure to call them later!
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat is overflowing with messages.
Yeah what happened to you?{w=0.25} Oh my god, CS, you're here!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
CS looks over at his desk, where his old computer is sitting.
Oh yeah, I forgot I actually have a computer that's not a craptop.
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat is overflowing with messages.
Yeah what happened to you?{w=0.25} Oh my god, CS, you're here!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Hi!{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
CS looks over at his desk, where a new computer is sitting.
CS looks at the monitor that has a sticky note that says "From LTT".
Oh my goodness, Linus got me a new PC!
There is also a note that says: "We'd love to have to work with us again virtually, just give us a call".
I'll have to make sure to call them later!
Before I head off for the night, I'll do a stream real quick.
CS starts up his stream overlay and goes live on Twitch.
Hey guys! CS here! Sorry I was gone for a couple weeks!
The chat slowly comes in, confused.
Oh you're streaming?{w=0.25} I thought you were working for LTT now?{w=0.25} What happened to the YTPs?{w=0.25} Are you OK?{w=0.25} Where have you been?
Well guys...
Guess what!
CS takes his briefcase out and opens it up on camera.
I'm fuckin' rich now!
I'm gonna make Lego Island in real life!
You're all invited to come stay or live at my island once it's built!
The chat is freaking out as CS announces his plan.
I'm gonna start buying all my Legos, and you guys can help build the island!
Now let's see what to buy...
Pretend there's credits here.
Yeah well, I have so much money! I don't really care!
You guys deserve to have your company in shambles!
Richard and Ed back up to their UFO.
Hey! Where are you guys going!
Come back here!
The JoJ UFO flies up over the house and vaporizes the house.
I'll just buy a new house!
Ed then also vaporizes the briefcase of money.
Ed flips CS off, and then flies away.
Fuck.
Nah, I don't wanna go to the airport.
We should take the car and drive.
Okay well, Let's get going!
More road trip! Yay!
Let's go!
CS and Arc get back in the car and head east.
After quite a bit of driving, they reach the tip of Texas.
Hey Arc?
What's up?
What if, we went to your house? Don't you live in Texas?
Yeah, I do. Why do you wanna go there though? There isn't anything interesting there...
I dunno. I guess I thought it'd be cool place to stop.
I mean, we are going to my house, and I... feel like we should just check out your house!
Umm, okay.
I guess we can go to my house.
CS makes a stop at Arceus' house, which isn't too far away.
Okay! We are here!
Yep! This is my house alright! This is what it looks like!
They enter Arceus' hou--{nw}
Oi chaps!
Ok, so, CS looks out the window and he spots a yellow Hummer.
The guy, with his arm out the window, says "Dude, this car kicks ass! And I can watch Madagascar while driving!"
And it cuts to him watching Madagascar while driving.
And it's Alex saying "What kind of music do you like Gloria?"
(Alex the lion, by the way, from Madagascar)
And Gloria says "HIPPO HOP!"
And then Gloria starts dancing, ok?
And then the guy says "HAHAHAHAHAHAH! Dude, those animals are so fucking funny! They make me want to merge without looking!"
Anyways...
Jos haluatte voittaa venäläiset, kutsukaa meitä suomalaisiksi ja soittakaa Säkkijärven polkkaa.
CS? Was that in the scrip--{nw}
Alright! Let's go in Arceus' house!
Alright! Now we are inside Arceus' house!
Ahem!
There we go!
Well look at this! There is this old ass TV sitting here! How old is this Arc?
Umm...
Well ok, let's turn it on!
CS fiddles with the knobs and turns it on.
Hi it's Billy! I've been trying to sell this craptop for years and have never got any buyers!
So whoever you are who just accessed Super Heaven, here's my craptop!
The TV turns off, and starts shaking.
What's going on?!?
All of a sudden, the Sentient Craptop pops out of the TV!
Yo what's up fellas! It's me the craptop!
I hate all of you!
So yeah, take this random shit on my hard drive!
The craptop starts spewing out random shit?
CS! You aren't real! This is a game!
Oh no! I can't believe this!
Yeah! You like, have to tell real life CS to stop playing the game or something!
Yeah! CS! Stop playing the game or something!
I don't even know anymore.
This isn't fiction and everything here is real and happened!
I'm gonna start streaming on time!
And then Copguy comes on and shoots me and I die!
Sure fine, whatever.
You're, done for!
Umm...
Pew pew pew!
Oh no! Owwww!
Yeah! We killed CS!
Please kill me too...
Lol no
Woohoo! I love this!
And then comes in Gandalf the Grey and Gandalf the Wh--{nw}
Cut!
A bell rings and cast and crew scatter.
Huh?
Wow, that got out of hand.
I was just--
I know there's not a word-for-word script, but the story's already written, guys.
I was adlibbing! Ryan Renolds does it all the time--{w=0.5}{nw}
Come on, boss, it's late, and we all wanna go home.
You know what? I'm going to need fourty-seven million dollars for this gig, guaranteed!
Fine, fine.
Alright, everyone down for another take tonight?
Nobody objects.
Okay then, everyone take your places, we'll resume with the Vegas scene.
The cast and crew scramble back into position.
Ready?
Aaaaaand...{nw}
This really sucks. One of my favorite YouTubers just kicked me out of my dream job and told me to never come back!
I would be acting super emotional right now, but the years of angry YouTube comments against me have already worn me down.
Well, I guess I have no other choice than to look for another job.
CS sulks away in defeat.
Ugh, what am I going to do now?
I don't even know what other job I could get.
I've spent most of my life editing...
Before CS can spend much time thinking about alternatives, someone comes running up to CS.
CS!
Ah! Arceus?!
CS, we gotta get outta here, fast.
OK, what? What's going on?
Cops. They're still after us.
Oh, come on, really?! Today has sucked bad enough already.
What happened to you? I just thought you were out here for a smoke break.
Arc, I don't smoke.
Man, I don't know.
No, I got fired.
Aw, man. That sucks. I'm sure we'll figure it out.
Come on, let's go back to the hotel. We can think of something, I'm sure.
Alright man, thanks. Let's go.
Come on up to my room, we'll workshop where to go from here.
Alrighty then. Not like I'll be able to pay for my own much longer...
Oh come on, don't talk like that. Come on.
OK, let's think. We have two big problems. The cops, and money.
Right.
Let's tackle these one at a time.
The cops, first.
Nah, I don't think tackling the cops is going to work.
I'm thinking we need to convince them to give it up.
How would we do that?
A knock is heard at the door.
Can I come in?
Yeah, of course.
Hey, CS, what are you doing here?
I got fired. And the cops are still after us.
Ah, fuck. What's the plan?
Nothing yet... wait. Anno, I just got an idea.
What's up?
You know AI stuff, right?
Well, yeah, but I don't see--
We AI generate a message to the cops. Tell them they don't need to go after us anymore.
From who?
HoH SiS.
Wait, yeah, I can totally do that, I have the models ready for that and everything.
Anno starts typing away at his laptop, and within a few minutes, a voice plays out of the speaker.
I think CS is a pretty good guy. You shouldn't arrest him.
Oh my god, that's amazing! But what about you two?
Gotcha covered.
I'm officially pardoning Annorexorcist and Arceus3251, for helping me out of a pickle.
Incredible as always, Anno.
I try.
But what about money? I'm still out of a job and I'd like to keep having a roof over my head.
I don't know man, I can't think after all that. Let's take a bit and relax. Clear our heads.
Good call. Wanna play some Guitar Hero?
I'm down, but, do you have controllers?
Do I?
Anno and Arc look at each other confused.
CS comes back holding two guitar controllers and a drum kit.
Saw em on the side of the road. Couldn't pass em up.
CS, Anno, and Arc relax by playing some Guitar Hero.
Man, we're all pretty good at this.
Wait, this gives me an idea.
What?
No, you're not thinking...
Let's start a band!
Man, there's no way that'll work. Playing a video game isn't the same thing as making real music.
Come on! Anno knows AI, Arc is actually a really good percussionist, and I have millions of scrobbles, so I know my music.
He has a point...
Does he?
What's the worst that happens? We need money, don't we?
We do...
Then let's do this!
I'm down!
Arc?
What do I have to lose?
Woohoo!
Maybe we should call Blank. He's like, an actual musician.
CS calls Blank on Discord.
CS? Where the heck have you been?
Don't worry about it, I'll explain soon. I need tips on making music.
Man, I don't know, I just open FL Studio and kinda click shit until music comes out.
Wait, that's it?
I mean, that's not {i}it{/i}, but--
Awesome, thanks Blank!
CS hangs up.
Well, you heard the man. Anno, do you have FL Studio?
Just got it.
Well let's get to work, boys!
After some time, the gang have their first song written.
You know, that's not half bad.
I like it a lot!
Wanna play it again one more time?
Can do!
Anno hits play on the track.
{cps=15}{image=note_small1.png}We broke the chains, now we're free to fly,{w=1.5}
Escaped concrete, and now we see blue skies{w=1.5}
Become brand new, we'll leave the past behind,{w=1.5}
Prisoners no more, 'cause a new life we'll find{image=note_small2.png}
Yeah, that's really good!
Sure, what parts do you need?
We need eggs, milk...
Just kidding.
I'll leave the details up to you since you've done a lot of live streaming, just get the highest end available.
Alright, I'll go get the parts.
I have your new streaming PC, and it runs quite well too! Way better than my computer!
Awesome! Lemme go move this into the othe--{w=0.25}WOAAAHHH!!!
Linus trips and falls, immediately destroying the insides and outsides of the PC that CS just built.
Oh damn, you okay there?
No of course not! I just destroyed another one of these $20,000 computing machines! How the hell am I going to get another just like this?
Well, you could just always buy more parts like these, I'm sure you have the budget for that.
No no, that's too expensive and wasteful, let me think...
Hmmm...
Wait! I just got a brilliant idea! Why don't you go buy more parts for me, we certainly have the budget to do that!
Uhmm… I literally just said--{nw}
Alright! The plan is settled! You can go fetch me some more parts for the ultimate streaming machine, and you get to decide what parts should be in the computer!
Okay but, are there any recommendations you would give me for building this? This is YOUR money, you know.
Nah, it's fine. I'm sure you will do well picking out parts, make sure to get the highest quality you can!
Alrighty, I'll get going now.
CS goes to Microcenter.
Okay gamers, we are buying some parts for our epic computing machine. Let's go inside the magical concrete structure to buy some computing parts.
Wow, this building looks a lot bigger than the places I would go shopping at near home.
CS enters the building.
Woah! This place is huge!
There are so many options to pick from! And I have as much money as I'll ever need, too!
Before I get too carried away though, I should probably start by buying the processor.
CS goes to the CPU aisle.
My goodness, there are so many options.
I honestly don't know which one to pick.
Let's see here…
I could get a super high-end Intel CPU since Linus still seems to default to Intel even after shilling for AMD…
Or I could get a Ryzen, more cores would probably be better for streaming...
Too many good options! I don't know what one to pick!
Whatever, I'll get this AMD Threadripper.
Whatever, I'll get this Intel i9.
Now for the GPU.
CS heads over to the GPU aisle.
Hmm, we got AMD and NVIDIA, I wish Linus told me which one I should get...
CS looks at his options.
Okay, we have a NVIDIA RTX 4080, and an AMD Radeon RX 7900.
Alright, I'm just gonna get the Radeon RX 7900.
Linus likes to use AMD for streaming and gaming, so I hope this will work.
Alright, I'm just gonna get the RTX 4080.
I know NVIDIA pretty well, so I'm sure they're the best option to choose here.
Let's go check this out.
CS heads out to the checkout.
That'll be $1188.
Welp, not my money!
Awesome! Hopefully this is gonna be good enough for Linus!
CS heads back to LTT.
CS meets Linus in his office.
Hey Linus! I got your parts!
Alright, let's see what you got!
Alright let's see what we got here...
Nice, an Intel i9...
Oh nice! A Radeon RX 7900! That's amazing!
Thanks man!
I was hoping you'd like it, since you use AMD for gaming.
Ooh! A RTX 4080! Excellent choice CS!
Thank you!
I'm more of an NVIDIA guy myself, so I decided to go with it.
Well you made some great purchases, I'm excited to see the specs we'll get with this!
I'm gonna go get the set ready, and then we can build and test it on camera.
Oh wow, already?
Yeah, I'm excited! You can help me build it, right?
Yeah, of course!
Alright then, let's go!
CS and Linus head down to the recording room, while Linus sets up the cameras and equipment.
Alright, one second...
You ready CS?
I don't think I've ever done a professional recording like this before...
Relax! You can act normal here, and the editors can cut out anything that we need.
Okay.
3... 2... 1... Go.
Today, we are going to start-- {nw}
Hey guys, CS here! How's it goin? Today we are going to build this CraAaAaAaAzY computer!
Yeah. As I was going to say, we have our new employee, CS188 here, helping build a new streaming machine for LTT!
CS picked out the parts, which were an Intel i9 and a Radeon RX 7900!
Woohoo! Go AMD!
CS picked out the parts, which were an Intel i9 and a RTX 4080!
Woohoo! NVIDIA is the best!
Alright, let's put the computer together!
CS and Linus then spend the next hour building and setting up the computer, showing off it's amazing capabilities.
When they finish, they wrap up and Linus gives the footage to the editors.
That was really fun actually!
Yeah! I'm glad that you could put together such a nice PC on your first day!
Hell yeah!
Well, that's it for today. When you come back tomorrow, we'll see what our audience thinks about it.
Alrighty well, I'm pumped! See you tomorrow!
CS heads out back to the local hotel he's been staying at, already excited for the next day.
As morning comes, CS heads back to LTT to check out the video.
Hey CS!
Hey Linus!
Let's see how our video did!
Linus and CS sit down at the desk while Linus pulls open the video.
Alright well, we've already got quite a bit of views...
Man! I wish I got this amount of average views!
Look at the comments!
Yeah I'm getting there.
Yeah, they seem to like your build!
Yes!!
Aw man, what are those people saying? AMD blows, you guys are hoes?
Aw man, what are those people saying? NVIDIA sucks, you guys are cucks?
Heyyy!!! No I'm not!
Yeah, there are always people who get upset because of the brand we used. Don't worry, this always happens.
Hey, do you hear that?
CS and Linus can hear a growing audience of people yelling nearby.
Hold on, lemme go check the window.
Linus heads over the window, and peers out to see a bunch of angry NVIDIA fans rioting.
Linus heads over the window, and peers out to see a bunch of angry AMD fans rioting.
Oh shit, this is bad...
What is it?
All of a sudden, a brick flies through the window!
Woah! Stand back Linus!
The NVIDIA fans are rioting outside! We need to hide!
The AMD fans are rioting outside! We need to hide!
CS and Linus meet up with the rest of the members downstairs.
What the fuck is happening?!
Linus, how did you piss off so many people?
Look, it never usually gets this bad!
What are we gonna do?
We could call the cops!
No!
Huh?
Actually, you know what? Leave this to me!
CS runs out the front door into the crowd.
CS what are you doing? You gonna get yourself killed out there!
Boo!! You suck! NVIDIA is the best!
Boo!! You suck! AMD is the best!
Yeah well, let's see about that!
*Huff Huff*
That was exhilarating!
That's right! The rest of you get out of here!
CS! We need to--
What happened here?
Oh hey Arc. There were some angry fanboys complaining outside of LTT, so I fought them!
You fought them?
Yeah! I won as well!
Woah hey, CS you alright?
Yeah! I fought them and scared the rest away!
Well shit! Good job CS!
Hey I mean, if this happened again, would you be ready again to fight back?
Umm, if they're NVIDIA fans, sure thing I guess.
Umm, if they're AMD fans, sure thing I guess.
Great! I'll be right back.
Hey wait! What does that mean? What are you doing?
CS? Do you have a minute?
Looks like I do now, why?
We need to talk for a moment. Can we go somewhere private in the meantime?
Sure I guess, yeah.
Alright, hi.
We could've just gone upstairs in the building?
Nah, I don't want anyone to hear us.
Okay so, we have a major problem.
Remember when we escaped from that prison?
How could I forget?
Well, the cops are still actively searching for us.
Based off of the recent events that just happened here, they're probably gonna be here soon.
Ah shit.
What am I gonna tell Linus? The cops are probably going to question him!
Yeah, I'm wondering how we are gonna get out of this.
Let's just go inside and play it cool, maybe we'll think of something.
Okay.
Hey, what are you guys up to?
Nothing. We work at LTT, going back to our job.
Oh? Are you CS?
Uhh, no?
Oh, Linus brought me here to--
Are you a cop? You better not be cop.
Heyyy! There you are!
CS, this is the trainer we brought in today!
They're gonna help you learn how to use a gun and stuff like that in case we get rioters again!
Woah what? Don't you think weapons training is a bit overkill for this?
Nahhh!
We can even make a video about it, so others won't fuck with us!
Geez okay, if you're so sure.
Come on, let's get inside first.
Alright well, this is Pakoo, our weapons expert! They should be able to give you the proper weapons training you need!
Oh, I see. That's Pakoo.
I didn't recognize you, but how come you didn't recognize me?
Of course I knew who you were dummy, I was just messing with you!
I still thought you were a cop.
Alright well, we should show you guys the training course.
A whole training course? At LTT?
Yeah, it's been a secret project that's been going on for a while now, just in case LTT gets taken over by our supposedly insane fanbase.
Alright, well, let's go check this out.
I'll just wait here for you guys to come back.
Hey CS?
Yeah?
If the cops are coming our way, I'll come down and let you know, but we'll just have to get going immediately, no exclamation to Linus.
Got it?
Yep! I'll see you soon!
CS, Linus, and Pakoo head down an elevator into the training facility.
Alright, here's our facility! What do you think?
Oh wow! This looks like something from Quake!
Close.
Follow me this way to the entrance for the course.
The course?
Yeah, you gotta run through some exercises before you can use a gun!
Manual labor? Ugh...
Alright, Hup Hup CS! Let's go!
Alright well, get going through the courses, and we'll watch from above and help you if you need anything.
Good luck CS! I'm sure you got this.
Alright...
Here goes nothing.
Alright, just make your way through these blockades.
Just crouch under them and stuff?
Yep!
Piece of cake!
Alright, onto the next one.
Alright, you gotta jump across this pit.
Really? This is a huge pit...
Cmon, you got this!
I got this guys, you watching?
Yep!
WOOAHH!!
Hell yeah! What did you guys think of that?
That was impessive man!
I never doubted you CS!
Hey, maybe this training isn't too bad!
Alright, here goes nothing!
Woohoo! I did it!
Nice! Let's keep moving!
Alright, you picked up the rifle before you came into this room, right?
Yep!
So do I just-- why won't it fire!!
Okay woah woah, calm down.
You gotta turn the safety off.
Be careful where you aim that as well.
Alright, I think I got this now.
Watch this!
Woohoo! I got all the targets!
Nice job CS!
That was excellent! You passed the course with flying colors!
Head back to the main lobby, and we'll meet up with you there.
Alright, cya in a bit!
Alrighty! Well Pakoo, what do you think? Do you think he's ready to become a guard for LTT?
I would say so, yeah.
Awesome! This is gonna be like a real arena shooter!
...yeah.
I think some more training should be done until he's a proper armed guard,
and this seems very... what's the right word...
Exaggerated?
Whatttt? Look, I need this for my company.
There are just too many variables for what could happem, and I need some... protection for those variables!
Will I be able to work on editing ever? That's kinda what I signed up for in the first place, now that you mention this training stuff.
Sure! It's just--{w=0.5}{nw}
Alright CS. We gotta go now.
Heyy! How'd you get down here?
Alright... I gotta go. This is important.
Yeah, and this is too! We gotta train more!
Look I'll, explain later okay?
Alright, we're going CS!
C'mon!
This is CS... signing out.
Hey! Come back here!
Hey Linus?
Yeah?
Let me go with him. This is important for his job with you, and... I'm the reason why he's leaving.
What??
Yeah I... set up a plan with him in secret afterwards...
So that he would be more trained when he came back! To impress you!
Guess I went a little too hard with the scheduling though...
Ahh, I see. I get it now.
I'll pretend like I didn't know, go help him.
Alright sweet! Thank you Linus!
This is such a good idea! Pat yourself on the back, Linus.
Welp, this kinda sucks.
What do you mean, man? You got proper firearms training!
Oh yeah!
That reminds me...
I took this with me too!
Holy shit! You took the rifle with you?
Yeah, I don't know, it looked cool, and no one really saw me hiding it.
So y'know... free gun?
Hell yeah! We can use this!
Yeah! To shoot mean people right?
Geez man, I was thinking to intimidate them!
...I was also thinking that.
Hi!
Hey I am armed!
...and dangerous!
Woah woah, put the gun down.
I'm gonna help you guys!
Huh?
How are you gonna help us? Do you even know what is going on?
Of course! The cops are chasing you, right?
I knew it! You are a cop!
No-- dammit okay, listen to me for a second.
I've known for a while Copguy is chasing you down.
I've also known that Copguy has been working for 15 years, and you are his last criminal he wants to bust.
So he's gonna do anything to take you guys down.
Why do you think I showed up here? I know Copguy, and you're all over the place now!
You made a video on a channel with like, millions of subscribers! What were you thinking?
Shit, I never really thought about that.
Look, I just lied to Linus so he won't question this, so let me help you.
CS? What do you say?
I guess if you are willing to, you have more weapons right?
Yeah I--{w=0.5}{nw}
That's all I needed to hear!
Yeah, I can help you a bit more along the way as well.
Where are we headed to?
Lemme think...
We don't really have a vehicle, and there is a car dealership a block from here...
Lemme scramble our location from the cops real quick, and then we should make it over there in a hurry and steal a car.
Alright!
Hell yeah! Let's do this!
Arceus takes one of the LTT laptops to scramble their location, and head off to the car dealer.
We should be almost there, it should be around this corner.
Real quick before we get there, I should let Mika know what's going on today.
Who?
Sorry, my boyfriend. I didn't really tell him that I'm helping two guys escape from the cops.
Fuuuuuck, I haven't told Kitty that I escaped from prison.
I don't think Tate even KNEW I went to prison! They'd probably kill me if they knew.
You mind if we make some calls as well?
Pakoo pulls out a couple of phones from his back pocket and gives them to Arc and CS.
I had these few spare with me, you guys should just keep them.
One may or may not be LTT property that I stole.
The gang stops to call their partners, and then makes their way to the dealership.
Alright, here we are.
So we can pick any car we'd like?
Basically, yeah.
Check out all these nice cars!
Nooooot so nice that you fellas don't have a car though.
Wouldn't it be nice if having a car was this easy?
Yeah, you know how expensive cars are these days?
Well, with my new real estate technology, you can! Welcome to Carguy's Deals!
I don't think that's new technolo-- {w=1.0}{nw}
Right this way, please!
Sure, I guess.
Look at all these nice cars!
You guys look around, I'll be in the dealership building when you guys pick something you like.
Alright guys, pick out a car quick and let's get the hell outta here!
That's a nice car!
That is a sick ass car.
Damn. Are we taking it CS?
Hell yeah! We can't just turn up a car as cool as this!
Punch it CS! We gotta get outta here!
As CS started up the car and began to drive off, the cops pull up around him.
Copguy walks up next to the car.
Nice car!
Noooot so nice that you walked right into my trap!
We've got you guys surrounded! Get out of the car now!
You guys ready?
Yep. Let's do this.
They all slowly step out of the car.
Alright, put your hands in the air!
CS pulls out his rifle and fires a few shots in the air.
Make me!
He's armed! Men, get in position and fire!
Hey! I have a Honda Civic, let's just take that!
Works for me.
Let's go!
Punch it CS! We gotta get outta here!
As CS started up the car and began to drive off, the cops pull up around him.
Copguy walks up next to the car.
Looks like you walked right into my trap!
We've got you guys surrounded! Get out of the car now!
You guys ready?
Yep. Let's do this.
They all slowly step out of the car.
Alright, put your hands in the air!
CS pulls out his rifle and fires a few shots in the air.
Make me!
He's armed! Men, get in position and fire!
After that intense fight, the cops seemed to best CS and co.
*Huff huff* Damnit...
He's way too strong...
Is that you guys got?
Or are you ready to finally admit your defeat?
Not so fast!!
Huh??
That's right! You have to mess with us now!
Yeah! Fuck da police! (For legal reasons this is a joke)
Let's get them!
Woohoo! We did it!
You guys alright?
Yeah, uhm...
How are you doing?
I'm fine, but we're gonna have to talk about how this whole situation came to be later.
Fuck.
Also, nice car!
Thanks!
Pakoo, next time you are gonna fight people, let me know in advance!
I know I know, this just came up not to long ago!
Dammn, nice car!
Thanks! I love this car.
Nice car!
Yeah!
Well, I know we just met up, but we should probably get going.
Alright, we'll follow you guys, and aid you in anyway possible.
Shit yeah, Copguys not dead, he's gonna probably call backup on us.
Let's start heading east.
Both groups head out of the dealership, making haste from the cops.
Meanwhile, Copguy heads back to the police station to call for help.
Hey Sheriff, I have some unfortunate news.
God damnit what is it this time?
Not only does CS have a group of allies, but he is armed to the teeth.
He took down most of my men.
Ah hell... so this is really THAT bad isn't it...
We're gonna need some backup.
Yeah, I just came to ask about that.
Lemme call the National Guard, did you see where they were headed?
I think they were headed east, sir.
Alright. I'll call the Montana National Guard, we can probably block them off.
Thank you so much. I will continue to track them down.
Good luck, Copguy.
Is that... the Flintstones car??
CS, please don't pick that car. It's probably just--{w=1.0}{nw}
It's probably one of those cars that is really good, and they just try to make it look bad on the outside.
I wanna try it out!
This is an awful idea...
Yep! This thing looks like the real deal!
You sure about this? You gotta use your feet to move, man.
Yes, I know how the Flintmobile works.
Alrighty, you all in?
Yeah.
CS presses his feet against the pavement and struggles to move the car.
Hnnnnngg...
Shit.
Sirens blare in the dealership as Copguy pulls up to the car.
Out of all the cars in my lot you decided to escape with, it was the Flintmobile?
That's kinda sad.
I should probably try to save Linus some money. Most of the expensive parts he gets are from sponsors, he's not actually that rich.
CS flags down an employee.
I'm trying to get a graphics card, and I want to save money, what do you have?
Everything here is pretty expensive, lemme check the back...
Alright, I'll wait here.
Dum Dee Dum...
I'm gonna make some silly faces while I wait!
The worker comes back.
Hey I'm-- what are you doing?
Oops! Sorry!
Anyways, what did you find?
I got this. It's pretty old, and it's covered in dust, but it's like $50.
Sounds great, I'll take it.
CS heads out to the checkout.
That'll be $50.
Good enough for me!
CS heads back to LTT.
CS meets Linus in his office.
Hey Linus! I got your parts!
Ooh goodie! Lemme see!
Alright let's see what we got here...
Nice, an Intel i9...
And a GTX...
CS?
Yeah?
What the fuck is this shit?
What do you mean?
Why did you pick this old ass graphics card?
This is awful! We can't have a cool computer with this!
Well, I know you probably didn't wanna me to spend too much, plus I had something similar to this once!
I don't care about costs! I wanted a cool streaming computer and you failed!
You're fired!
W-W-What?
Leave! I'll hire someone else who can make a better PC than you!
Fine!
CS stomps out of the building.
Oh, again?
You gotta tell someone to get on with writing this game.
I can't just stand at every broken path and wait for you.
I'm busy doing other things.
What things?
...
...
...
Oh, again?
You gotta tell someone to get on with writing this game.
Yeah well fuck you bitch!
Thats fucking right, we finished the True Ending!
I am horribly drawn and it's 5am but hell yeah we fuckin diiiiiiiiiiiiiiidd ittttttttttt!!!!!!
Yeeaaaaaahhhhh!!! Wooooooooo!!!! Wooooooo!!! Tetttttriiissssssss!!!{nw}
Yeah. Now I have to debug this shit.
